5	5	5	5	5
4	:	Bought this for my 9-year-old. Good sound. Allows you to set a volume to prevent it getting too loud (note: your kid can change this easily so not a childproof solution by any means). Looks great and really comfortable.		
4	:	"Worked great when I first got them and I loved the sound quality ----- but only lasted for one week.  Suddenly, no sound came out of them.  I know it's not my headphone jack where they were plugged into my computer, because earbuds work fine in the same headphone jack.  I know it has nothing to do with my computer, because I can listen to music out of the computer speakers just fine, so I gave the headphones a one star ratingUPDATE: October 14, 2017- I upped my 1-star rating to 4 stars, because when I left my first review the morning that the headphones quit working, within 8 hours, I was contacted via email by the company, expressing their regret that this happened, and that they wanted 200% customer satisfaction.  They sent me 3 more pairs right away - YES, THREE.  It seems that the customers who had trouble with their headphones, i.e. no longer working, had them work for up to 5 weeks, so I have waited over 6 weeks before updating my review.  These new headphones work just fine, even after 6 weeks, so good job BESTGOT! I really hope the company continues to improve their quality control, especially in the wiring connections, because this is a great product."		
5	:	My 11 yr old son loves this!  He can hear great without them hurting his ears and are very comfortable to wear.  Very happy!  Thanks!!		
4	:	We actually bought 2.  I love that they go over the kids ears and the cord is material instead of plastic.  Kids like them too.  They can control the volume and pause the movie from the cord.		
1	:	They worked once & never again. Returned!		
5	:	These were for my 6 year old son.  I bought myself a pink pair and he was using them all the time.  I decided to buy him his own pair and he wanted blue.  We both love our headphones and at an affordable price.  I would purchase again.		
5	:	Got these for my 4yr old son he loves them the color is bright so it???s easy to find when he looses them. Fits his head fine and can expand to also fit my adult head. Great sound quality highly recommended		
2	:	Worked great for 2 months but now sound only works in one side of the headphone		
5	:	"Super Excited about these, nice flexible design.Seemed like they are durable for children and made with them in mind.  Comes with a pouch for when traveling .  I did really like the design and cord..."		
5	:	So far so good. My daughter loves it and cannot stop using them. She cares for it well the carrying bag that was included. It comes with a aux cord but I also decided to buy a cord with the new iPhone connector. I bought these for her to use for traveling and it is seems very durable.		
5	:	These work well for my child.  Jesus uses them at school.  He has no complaints		
4	:	They were shipped fast and got the. In time for Christmas and ordered each kid one. I liked how they all have different colors it makes it easy to know which kid has which head set. I also really like the fact that they have a carrying case. The sound is great for what we need. I would've liked maybe a little more instructions but they were right to the point and understandable. I really enjoyed the price. Thanks bestgot will deffinatley use again.		
5	:	I purchased these for my little one and he loves them! I love the durability and affordability too. I have already recommended them to my Aunt to purchase for her grandchildren.		
4	:	"I am not an audiophile, but I thought the sound quality was very good.  I bought these to use on a plane and hoped they would block out  more outside noise than they do."		
1	:	"I got these for my 5 yr old daughter. The sound is great, it???s been a month and one of the speakers doesn???t work. They def do not last very long.  Don???t waist your money"		
5	:	"Best headphones I have found for our kids so far.  We have gone through several pair that were not good quality, broke easily and or did not have good sound quality.  These have detachable cord, which keeps it from getting ripped out of the headphones, and the attachments are flexible as opposed to rigid plastic that cracks.  Overall, we are very pleased with the purchase.  Good enough sound quality that I don't mind using them.  Would definitely recommend these."		
5	:	"These headphones sound surprisingly well for the price point! I like that the cord is removable and is fabric coated vs a plastic type...seems like it will hold up better for my 7 year old. Which I should add, is a good fit for him."		
5	:	"So far so good here.  We just received this recently, so time will tell how long it stands up to my 6 yr old's use, but these look to be pretty well made.  They don't feel cheap like a lot of headphones do, and I like that you can unplug the cord so that it doesn't get bent and eventually non functional.I did a lot of research on these and this is the best product for kid's use that I found."		
3	:	Better design would have wire connected to headsetSound is ok for price point		
5	:	"Very nice headphones.  Bought these for my daughter at school, very easy for her to use she is in first grade and so soft and comfortable she is very small so I worried they would be too big, but they fit her wonderfully.  I love them very nice product!"		
5	:	Bought this for my son's school. The sound is great and love the volume control and play/button on the string. The string is made out of more rope material so seems to be stronger.		
5	:	These headphones have held up so I???m happy and my 14 year old says he really likes them.		
4	:	I got these for my 2 yr old grandson  -  they fit good and he loves them- great for in the car		
5	:	I got them for my 1st grader and my 8th grader for school.  They said they are great and the love the bag to put them back in to put them in the cubie!!		
5	:	These headphones have great sound and are very comfortable! The original pair I had purchased had broken but the sellers were nice enough to reach out and replace them free of charge!		
5	:	"We purchased these for our 6 year old grandson.  He absolutely loves them, and his mother tells me they're working great for him."		
4	:	Nice head phones and they work fine. I have used them in the Gym several times and they have worked very well.They are a little bulky.		
5	:	Perfect for kids! Bought for the airplane and they are awesome!		
3	:	Only reason I'm going this a 3 star is because my son kept loosing the cord.. It disconnects from the headphones... Now he has completely lost it. Can't use them at all now...  :/		
5	:	"Had some problems in the beginning, but spoke to the manufacture and understood the method of operation, its working fine with my son. He is happy with the stuff"		
5	:	"Good to get focused sound, cuts distractions. Ordered 2 pair for son to listen to stories. Seem to be good and comfortable. Had to contact c/s, once they had info rectified immediately."		
5	:	"Great Product, probably going to buy a second for my son..."		
5	:	"My grandkids love them. Work well as ear muffs for the kids, too. Very fast delivery."		
5	:	Purchased for my first grader to use in school this coming year.  The colors are great and he says the headphones are very comfortable.  The volume control is easy to use and the adjustability of the headphones is great for a growing boy!		
5	:	"Got these for my 10-year old son, he loves them and apparently they are great for tuning out adults while playing video games. Ha ha!"		
4	:	It doesn???t have to be very load to hear it.  Sometimes the sound turns off and on.		
1	:	"Great headphones, son loved them but they stopped working less than a week after getting them. Really disappointed."		
5	:	Fits perfectly both my 5 year old and myself. Soft on ears and has a great sound.		
4	:	This is the second pair of these head phones we have purchased. The first was broken by my 5 year old but around here that is to be expected.They are for my 9 year old who really loves them. They block out surrounding noise well and have good sound quality.		
2	:	"Lasted about 9 months and then no sound. The wire was twisted by my kids, but you would figure they would try to address that if they are marketed as for kids"		
5	:	"I bought a set of these headphones years ago when my daughter entered Kindergarten.  She???s going into 3rd grade this year and her headphones are still going strong!  My youngest is entering Kindergarten this year so I bought her the same brand.  I???m a teacher and I LOVE these.  They don???t break like the cheaply made ones, yet under $20, they last for years!"		
5	:	"The sound is clear & sharp, great for music! They are cute and comfy on my head.  Cost was awesome!"		
4	:	These are surprisingly well built given the price point. Packaged well and do what they need to do.  Perfect for my kids to use and the sound quality is decent.		
5	:	"I have used these on my laptop and with my Samsung smartphone and they have performed well with both devices. I have only had them for 2 weeks, so I am not sure about their durability or the cord that comes with it."		
5	:	Kids needed for school.  They say they work great.  No issues yet.		
5	:	"My son was so excited for these, they worked for a week and then the volume stopped working.  Customer service has been great, they are send a replacement! 5 stars for customer service."		
5	:	The headphones were bought for my granddaughter for school. They fit her great and she loves using them.		
5	:	Bought these for my 4 year old  grandson...he gave them a double thumbs up! I tried them and found them to be quite comfortable also. They arrived quickly in a well protected box.		
5	:	My son uses these for school and he absolutely loves them. They seem pretty sturdy - he???s been folding & unfolding them repeatedly for a few weeks now and they haven???t fallen apart.		
3	:	"I got this for my teenager son who has autism. They work GREAT... But sadly broke.  The sound is perfect, the cord is almost indestructible."		
5	:	No complaints so far. Using them for an audio book and so far sound quality is great		
4	:	"Excellent product.  The only reason for 4 stars rather than 5 is a lack of any instructions.  I know, you can't really do anything wrong in using it, but you CAN plug the wrong end of the jack into the headset and have no sound, making you think ""oh crud, a dud"".  Again, a little thing but would have been nice to know.  I figured it out easily, but there was a moment of ""I hate sending things back"" hostility involved."		
5	:	"These were pretty great for how cheap they were. Although, within the first five days of owning them, the detachable 3.55 mm cord that connects the headphones to the device broke. I got an extra, more durable one in case this happened, and it was only $3.00 more. You get what you pay for, but they're nice, nonetheless."		
5	:	"Actually really surprised at how sturdy the headphones are. Good for children and adults, they uphold to travel easy."		
5	:	"These fit my 8 year old so perfectly, the chord is nice and you can even use to talk. Best deal I???ve seen out there! We will be ordering another pair for my 10 year old. Highly recommend, especially for the price!"		
5	:	"Very comfortable, very good sound.  I don't like ear buds.  Perfect for use in car.  Cord is fabric wrapped so it doesn't coil or kink."		
3	:	I purchased two pairs for my daughters and one pair will not size back down and the other pair is awkwardly snapped out of place.  They did not last and are not good quality.		
5	:	The headphones fit well. Our four year old daughter is happy with the fit & wears them with no complaints about comfort. They are used mostly at long wrestling tournaments for her brothers & block the noisiness of the gym allowing her to hear her Kindle.		
2	:	these lasted only six weeks before the plastic above the ear pieces broke - they still work but now they fall off your head.		
4	:	Purchased for grands.  Work great.  Wonder how long the hing is going to last.		
5	:	"These are great.  I wish the cord was longer, but I can always buy a longer one as it's a separate cord."		
5	:	"Had these for about a year for my three children, they work well in that time, except the ear pads have broken off of a couple pairs. I contacted Bestgot and they said that they would take care of me."		
5	:	"Had these for about a year for my three children, they work well in that time, except the ear pads have broken off of a couple pairs. I contacted Bestgot and they said that they would take care of me."		
5	:	Purchased for my 9 y/o. Like that they???re foldable and comes with a storage bag. Cable looks durable (so far).		
4	:	Our son is one & at an age where he wants to watch the same movie on a loop ????. These headphones ???? allow him to do so without driving me insane. They???re plastic mostly & lightweight for his little body & fold u nicely. They weren???t crazy expensive so I won???t be heartbroken when he inevitably gets them dirty or dings them.		
5	:	"I ordered these headphones for my 5 year old daughter to bring to Kindergarten as the school check list requested over the ear style headphones with a microphone.  They fit her great, she is able to fold them back into the case easily.  She uses them with the school ipad.  The microphone picks up great as evidenced by the movies she is making in class.Great product and not to costly."		
2	:	"My sons use headphones when they play or watch videos on their tablets. They are great when it comes to noise cancellation and comfort. However, I have purchased several pair and all have issues with audio durability. The exterior material lasts but the sound will start to cut out after a month of use and with fail altogether shortly after."		
5	:	"Bought for my 6 year old, she loves them. Well made. Thought them might be too big, but she says they're super comfortable. Will purchase for the other kiddos."		
5	:	"Just as described and what was needed.  Child says vert comfortable and sound is good.  We got two pair, one for home and one for car.  With the price it just made sense."		
1	:	"Replaced the cords in 3 months, 4 months in the band snapped"		
5	:	Headphones are great but the cord broke under a month. Seller is amazing and is replacing the whole unit. We're very happy we chose this brand.		
5	:	Great head phones.. my son loves these(he is four)!.Great for young children. It is adjustable and has volume control which is good for little ears.		
5	:	I bought these headphones for my daughter. I'm really impressed by how great this product is and my daughter loves them.		
5	:	Very pleased with these.  Love how they fold up and came with a nice velvet bag for easy packing.		
2	:	My kids really like these headphones but they break easily! I have 2 pairs now where the plastic has snapped when you try to extend to make the headband bigger.  I'm now looking for new headphones from another brand. We really loved these otherwise but they don't hold up.		
4	:	Headphones are just what I was looking for. Bought them for my kids didn't want something with noise reduction as they can't hear when in airplane.  These worked great. They love the adjustable volume and I love that the cord is detachable so it doesn't get all wound up.  They are slightly larger looking but seem to adjust to fit my 5 year olds		
4	:	"For the price, I think these are a pretty good deal. I like how they fold and are easily portable. These are my first set of headphones of this type, so I don't have anything to compare it with. I've only used them a couple of times. I got them primarily to use in our car on family trips. I'm interested to see how they turn out for the long run."		
5	:	"Can't believe these work so well when they cost so little, comparatively, to others with the same purported features. My son is using them."		
4	:	Didn't work with ipads on my first pair but they replaced them and now they work great. It's worth the purchase because even if you have a problem the company bends over backwards to make it right.		
5	:	7 year old son loves it. Needed it for school and home.		
1	:	Stopped working in a little less than a month. Would not purchase again.		
5	:	I purchased this for my 4 yr old grandson and they are perfect.  Very well made and the storage bag is a plus.		
5	:	These have excellent sound and I was surprised at the quality being they were not very expensive. Bought them for my kids for school. They love them.		
5	:	Needed for 4th grader wow the plug unplugs from ear and computer no more shorted wires		
5	:	Love these headphones! They are very sturdy. I love that the cord is fabric covered!		
5	:	"I purchased these headphones for my 7 yr. old son because ear buds just don't work in his small ears plus, I haven't found any that have a volume safe for kids. These are the perfect headphones, the sound quality is great, they're comfortable, and I love they are wireless.  With the number of headphones/ear buds I've purchased these have proven to surpass the rest."		
5	:	They are perfect for the kids while traveling although kinda bulky still great		
5	:	"Gift for grandson and He has been thrilled with these. From my use if them, they are a good quality.  He is really enjoying them."		
5	:	"Great product for kids. Sound is above expectations. She uses them for school and at home. Material and sound is excellent for the price you are paying. Not sure about the durability, she just used them for a week."		
5	:	"This us an amazing headset with quality materials from every avenue including the chord and its packaging. It has another feature that seems cool, the volume control right on the chord of the headset. Be careful with the volume control. Once broken it restricts the whole headset from working. Fortunately, the company was kind to replace my product for free."		
5	:	So far so good.  The headphones appear to be quality.  They fit my elementary school aged children who use them with their computers at school.		
5	:	"Great headphones for the price.  The last 2 sets we had the wire got broke and the headphones were useless, glad these have a detachable cord, so if it breaks it can be replaced and we can keep the headphones."		
5	:	Got these so I can hear my movies on my movie player when I'm traveling. Headphones are comfortable and keep outside noise down. Good sound quality. I really like the connection cord because it's not a wire material so it doesn't tangle. I also like the bag that it comes in.		
5	:	"Ordered these headphones for our kids to use on a road trip (ages 10 and 6 1/2). The 10 year old absconded them immediately after declaring, ""Sweet headphones!"" They are easy to fold and The carrying bag is a plus. Will buy again!"		
5	:	"These seem pretty sturdy for use in my piano studio lab. Have only used them a few weeks, but the students love them. Good sound quality and comfortable to wear."		
5	:	I bought these for a 7 yr old and she loves them. I tried them and they have a nice sound that does not hurt my ears with too much treble. These will be great for someone that like to listen to loud volume.		
5	:	"Yes we got them:  they arrived as expected and were packaged well, but since they???re a Christmas gift, I cannot tell you how well they work yet!!"		
1	:	They broke in a few months. Poor quality and look cheap.		
5	:	My 4 year old loves it! Fits really well. Super cute!		
5	:	"Finally a great pair, just in the last year i have bought my son like 3 pairs and the cord always messes up. The cord on these is removable, so if its not working all u have to do is replace the cord."		
4	:	My 6 year old wants to wear these everywhere  and he does! The only draw back for me is the volumn control.		
5	:	"This is actually our second purchase of these headphones. We???ve tried a few sets of headphones, and these are the first he likes using.We initially bought this for our son to take to kindergarten (required school supplies), he likes them so much we got a second pair to keep at home. Great product."		
5	:	6 yr old loves them- fit well and very comfortable.		
5	:	My kids love it. thechord an detach and with kids that don't always remember to disconnect it comes in handy. the chord is wrapped in fabric and helps with pulling..etc. great product!		
2	:	Worked great until it stopped working. Bummer! Won't be buying again.		
5	:	Work really well! Will probably be purchasing another one or two pair so my kids can do school (we homeschool) without bothering each other.		
5	:	Bought it for my kids I am surprise they are still using it . And they sound good too.		
5	:	"Great for this kids.  The kids head phone I have gotten in the past just beak easy.  There are very sturdy, they fold up when not in use."		
5	:	"These are so great! My six-year-old loves them, and since they're adjustable she can use them for a long time! Great buy!"		
5	:	I purchased these headphones for my granddaughter for Christmas. She loves them! They work great and they come in a cute little bag so she has somewhere to store them when she???s not using them. Great purchase!		
5	:	Amazing headphones!  My 5 year old loves them and said they are really comfortable and the sound quality is really good.. Great price too!		
5	:	"My son loves them very comfortable on his ears, fold down to store or traveling. Color is great I have no complaints"		
4	:	These works well for my 8 year-old daughter and after 4 months they are still functioning.		
5	:	My son is in love! They fit us both and adjust easily.  The bag they come with is also a nice touch.  Very comfortable ear pads also cancel out outside sounds.  Great buy for the cost.		
5	:	Soft and comfy. Fits snug but not too tight. Great at blocking sorrounding sounds. Love that the kids have the volume control on the cord. Also love that the cord is strong and flexible and doesn???t twist easily.		
5	:	"I bought these for my son to go with his Kindle. The sound quality is excellent, and they fit great. I'm very happy with my purchase!"		
3	:	I???m not sure if this one came defective volume wise but is low no matter how high I the volume is.		
5	:	"I bought these head phones for my 4 year old (so I didn't have to listen to his games and cartoons as much). He loves them! They fit great and are adjustable enough to fit me as well. They don't slip at all, cuff his ears well and stay put! Plus, he can wear them over his baseball hat... which is a serious plus for him! :)!"		
4	:	I like the headphones. The sound is clear. It is comfortable. One thing that I do not like: one of the sided is very hard to slide back when extended. It might be broken easily if not being careful.		
5	:	Fit my 3 yr olds head well and he can wear them for long periods of time.  Often falls asleep listening to his video and doesn???t wake him when I take them off his head.  Solid product so far!		
5	:	Great headphones for my 5 year old son.  They fold and come with a nice bag to store them in.		
4	:	So far so good! My son loves them and as long as he's happy I'm happy. Love that they are so portable and the carrying case is very convenient to have. I'm hoping these headphones will be loud enough for him to be able to watch movies on an airplane so we shall find out in a few days.		
5	:	Bought them for my 10yr old who said the were awesome. Noise cancelling and great sound. He liked them better than his precious Sull Candy ones! Not sure how long they will last but for now- great purchase!		
5	:	Great headphones! Ordered these for my 8 year old and they are a hit! Very happy with the quality of these!		
5	:	I purchased two of these headphones for my boys for Christmas. They actually block out some of that external noise when you put them on! I recently had an issue with the cord on one not working and I reached out to BestGot customer service and they helped resolve this isssue quickly!		
5	:	"Well built earphones.  Works well with my CD player, but does not work off radio.  Will check for one that does."		
5	:	.... however I enjoy them too. The way they cancel out outside noise is incredible! I wasn???t expecting that to be a feature of these. The sound is clear as well. So far so good!		
5	:	I bought these for my 4 year old son to wear. He absolutely loves these. They fit perfectly on him and the best part is we can???t hear him when he is watching anything on his I pad. Very sturdy and I great design. Folds easily for storage and I like the fact that it has on cord coming from the head phones to where it plugs in.		
4	:	"Bought them a week ago. Everything seems to be fine so far. I gave 4's because i'm sure there's always room for improvement somewhere but like i said they have been great for the past week. no issues. my 4 year old uses them, he's rough on everything and they've held up."		
5	:	Durable enough for my first graders to enjoy!		
4	:	Headphones are pretty good. Cable quite working within a week. HOWEVER  - the customer service is excellent. If you have any issues at all they will send you a replacement. That alone makes them worth the purchase. Customer satisfaction is clearly their #1 priority!		
5	:	My g-babies love these headphones; they work great with ipads and tablets.		
5	:	My g-babies love these headphones; they work great with ipads and tablets.		
5	:	These have held up well. Kids broke a pair of Beats faster than these.		
5	:	The sound is so rich!  Love the volume control also.  It enhanced my laptop perfectly!		
5	:	"My boys love these. Use them everyday! Work well, Colors are great !"		
4	:	I like it because it fits my small head perfectly and is light weight. Comfortable for working out at the gym. Folds up nicely.		
1	:	Bought this for my 6 year old for christmas and less then a month later the tip of the headphone plug broke inside his kindle. I can't get it out and now he has absolutely no volume on his kindle. Not happy at all!		
5	:	Bought it for my kids. Doing homeschool with all 4 kids. Used it for 4 months already no problems. Will buy again.		
5	:	Arrived on time. This is a gift for my granddaughter. From what I can tell they seem to be a quality set of headphones.		
5	:	"Bought two pairs for kids to use at school but we loved them so much bought another 2 pairs to keep at home for road trips and travel. Kids love them, fit well on 5 and 7 year old. So far incredibly happy"		
2	:	"Lasted for 8 months and now can???t hear a thing through them.  And these are stored safely and used maybe once or twice weekly.  Would expect them to last longer.  They appear to be in perfect shape, but nonfunctional."		
5	:	My 6yr old nephew and 9yr old nephew love these headphones. They fit comfortably and the sound they say is great.		
5	:	So far so good.. it???s early in the process ( I???ve had them for about a week) but my son loves them .. I will update in a few weeks		
5	:	"Highly recommend! These headphones are great for kids, especially on planes or whenever you don't want to hear what they're listening to."		
1	:	"Received today. Worked wonderfully during the first time we used it, but then the second time after an hour, the sound had only been coming through the right ear. The left ear is completely quiet. Really upset of how fast the quality of the headphones lasted."		
1	:	Used for about an hour a day for a week and stopped working. Returning		
5	:	I got the headphones for my kids' school. I like it that it comes in a case so it can be protected from damage and rough use.		
4	:	I???ve only used these headphones for 2 days but so far I really like them and will be purchasing additional pairs for my family.  I appreciate the drawstring case that comes with them too!		
5	:	I ordered these for my 6 year old. The work well and are very durable! She was excited to have her own girl headphones.		
4	:	"Delivered quickly, product came as described in a nice bag to keep it in. So far I'm very pleased with them."		
5	:	"My son is using these in his 2nd grade class. They are comfy for him. They come in a lot of different colors, we have blue, green and red. Love the bag they come with."		
5	:	They are pretty much noise cancelling because my daughter puts them on and then starts to sing so loud because she can't hear herself. Lol but everyone in a 5 mile radius can. Lol but they are built good and they seem like they will last.		
5	:	These are holding up to my six year old son's abuse. They work well and sound quality is good.		
5	:	"Got this as a gift for our daughter. She loves them so far! Haven't had them long, but we have high hopes!!"		
5	:	Purchased for my son for use in school; based on his feedback these are perfect...sound quality is good and it is very comfortable.		
5	:	"One side of the headphone stopped working within three months. However, they were very fast sending me a replacement. Superb customer service. The headphone is very comfortable and this is like a glitch."		
5	:	"Fit my 5 year old fine,  have been durable."		
4	:	Ear pieces are way too small hurt your ears but the sound quality is good and the noise cancellation is great		
2	:	The sound was good but they broke shortly after my son took them to school.  He only used the for class.		
5	:	"I bought this headphone for my daughter for school. She loved it so much that she is asking to buy one more to use at home. I really liked the design and the sound quality. This is the best headphone one can get for the price.I am planning buy one more some time soon.Thanks,Sathish"		
4	:	So far so good. We just got them so I can't say how they work long term. They fold up nicely and come with a travel bag. They fit my 7 year old perfectly.		
2	:	Worked great for 2 weeks. Now only 1 side has sound. Very disappointed. Happened with both pairs I purchased within a 2 days of each other.		
5	:	"I can???t believe these work as well as they do for such a low price. I was hesitant, but I???m glad I purchased them. I got them for my 6 year old, and they actually stay on his head (others dont). The sound quality is actually INCREDIBLE, and I love the cord.It???s detachable, first off. This gives you the ability to use other aux cords with them. But moreover, allows you to choose which end the volume control button is on. Closer to the device, or closer to your head. We prefer it closer to the device, actually, so this is the first pair of headphones we???ve had where we can do that.The cord itself is also not the typical plasticky, smooth texture. It???s a braided cord, and is soft and flexible, and pretty long, too.The earpieces are comfortable to wear, and they block enough sound to help but not so much that you can???t hear anything happening around you. It???s a perfect medium.I bought a second pair to give to my 15 year old after we got the first pair and loved them.Would recommend 10 out of 10 times!"		
5	:	Great headphones for a great price!		
4	:	"Good product, I bought them for my boys 9 & 6, they were durable and have been working great.  The price was a good bonus!"		
5	:	My kid loves the headphones! It fits over the ears and has decent sound quality. If you have an iPhone X you will need the adaptor to plug regular headphones into the X. The headphone is foldable which is OK as it fits into the carrying bag only when folded.		
5	:	"The hubster bought a high end, over ear, head set and I, this one. I so won.Now who looks at mine with envy.Great headphones!"		
5	:	Love these for my kids! I kerp asking myself why didn't i order them long time ago?? Great for vehicle trips. My kids use them with their kindles. Makes long road trips quieter.		
5	:	My son loves it hes 6 it matches his kindle fire Hes says it's comfortable on his head The volume is perfect for a child		
5	:	My son loves these and they are great!  I recommend them.  He thinks they are comfortable and great sound quality!		
5	:	Great headphones! My daughter loves them. Her first pair stopped working but the company sent me a new pair free! She hasn???t had any problems since. Excellent customer service.		
5	:	Great value and nice product. We use ours at school for computer time.		
5	:	Well it was a gift for my son. He likes the comfort and quality of ghem		
5	:	Got these for my son for school. He loves them		
5	:	I bought these for my 8 year old granddaughter. She loves them and I would tell everyone buy them they are fantastic you can't go wrong you will love them		
5	:	"Bought for my 9 yr. old daughter.  The sound and quality is great.  Very satisfied,  will probably order 2nd pair for school."		
5	:	Great product for a great price---we got a pair for each boy 6 and 8 and they loved them!		
5	:	"Works great! A little big for a 7 year old's head, but they are pretty good. Wish they had a small adjustment. Still great!"		
5	:	I ordered these for my fifth grader to use in school. The sound quality is great and he has carried them back and forth all week using them at home as well. He loves them.		
5	:	Kids love these headphones.  Just what we ordered.  Comes with a nice bag to store them in and they fold up too.		
5	:	"Great headphones for the price and LOVE the fold up design, many available colors and replaceable cord!"		
2	:	"I ordered 2 pairs, one for each kid. It???s only been 3 months and one set is already not working. The sound goes in and out, mostly out now. The other pair isn???t as bad but starting the same thing. We take good care of them so this is really disappointing."		
1	:	These were purchased for classroom use and they lasted all of three weeks before the post broke off in the device.  I would recommend purchasing a different set.		
5	:	"These are awesome! My grandkids loved them, sound quality was good and kept outside noise out. Very happy with my purchase."		
3	:	Poor quality		
5	:	"My 5 and 7 year old boys are regrettably really hard on stuff always having an accident dropping or scratching things. We???ve had these for 6 months with no signs of wear and tear. Also, I love the auxiliary cord comes easily apart."		
5	:	"Great warranty, bought and had an issue after  few month of having it. Replacement was sent out ASAP . My daughter use it at school. Sound quality is good .Thank you"		
5	:	great product! the sound is very clear and they do get loud. I brought these for my son (7 years old) for his Amazon Fire 8 tablet. it also works with my android phone. I might but a pair for myself.		
5	:	Very good my son loves them. Was gift for his birthday.		
5	:	I bought this for my 10-year-old and so far we???re very satisfied.  The main reason I chose these headphones is the detachable cord.  Previous headphones and ear buds got the cords wrecked either by the dog or just from being careless and not realizing cords aren???t cable.  If something happens to this cord I can just replace that and not have to throw the whole thing out.		
5	:	"I purchased two pairs of these for my kids (6 & 7 years old) for Christmas and so far they???re great. They fit nicely with room to grow. Now they can listen to their videos, music, and games without everyone else having to hear."		
5	:	Satisfied with the headset!! My kid love it. It was purchased to be used for school program. Quality and comfortable!		
5	:	"My son need headphones for school, he is in the 4th grade. Teacher asked for donations for kids who could not afford their own headphones. I bought 6 after reading the reviews. So far teacher has been extremely happy with the durability and comfort of this product. Was a good deal compared to others I looked at on Amazon."		
5	:	"Great product, shipping was very quick. I???m very happy with my purchase. Added seller to my favorites."		
5	:	"I don't post reviews. I just feel like I need to with these headphones. They are amazing!  Good sound, comfort, and block out all external noise. They are made exceptionally well. Just ordered a second pair for my 12 year old. My 6 year old loves them!  Thank you for quality headphones."		
5	:	"Bought these for my 11 year old daughter to use at school.  She has a small head and most headphones fall off.  However, these work great and she loves them"		
5	:	Great headphones with great sound. Stays put on my sons head (he???s 9).		
5	:	Sound great at a good price! Why 2 and 4 year old love them!		
5	:	"Got these for my 4 year old grandson to use with his portable DVD player in my car. They are adjustable l, which is great and also include a volume button on the wire which is very convenient. The sound quality is great for the price."		
5	:	After having these for a few weeks one if the ear pieces went out.  The company was notified and they corrected the problem by sending me 4 replacement headphones!  The sound is very well.  These can be adjusted to fit my 4 year old daughter and my husband!  Awesome headphones for the price!		
5	:	These were for my 7yr old son.  He liked them and they worked well.  They also fit his head perfect		
5	:	Work great for my 7 year old		
5	:	"I love these headphones! They fit my 3 year old daughter very well, they fold up nicely & they sound great! I also like that the cord is detachable. That's always the first thing that breaks with my kids, so having the ability to replace it if it breaks is great!"		
4	:	Bought this for my son for Christmas... Tested it quickly and all seems great.. very comfortable		
3	:	"The Headphones themselves work great, but be careful not to use them too long at once or it will rub the skin off your ears.The cord could be better quality, mine broke after getting snagged on a table once, but being able purchase new cords is a fantastic feature.Despite the drawbacks the sound quality is nice, but I'd recommend looking elsewhere if you plan to be anything other than stationary during use."		
5	:	Our sons love these. They work great and are very comfortable on their ears. They also store easily with the way they fold and come with a storage bag.		
4	:	They seem really nice. I bought them for my 11year old daughter. She has not used them yet as they are a Christmas gift. The only thing I???m concerned about is the way they fold. It???s hardcto get them into the correct position. It almost feels like I???ll break them when folding. Time will tell.		
1	:	"Just received, but doesn't work! so bad experience with this fake product!"		
5	:	We bought these for our grandson who listens to his kindle while we watch tv and you can't hear a thing from his kindle. They fit his ears without any problems and he loves them.		
4	:	"Got to say that customer service is great, in hours after my last review the contacted me and helped to solve the situation.-----previous reviewCushions got detached after two weeks of minial use by my 9 years old son.-----previous reviewNot so confortable according to my 9 years old son, but the sound is good and so far they have standed for the battle."		
5	:	Sound quality great! Size fit perfectly for my 8yr old son. The chord had broke at school but the customer service from the company was excellent in giving me another one for free! I'm giving this company and product 5 stars!		
5	:	Better than expected. Fit great!! Work great!! And the carrying bag is a super nice addition. Thanks!		
3	:	"Gave three starts because only onside has sound, I will return and try another pair."		
5	:	Perfect for a six year old boy.		
4	:	good sound.comfortable. material okay.		
1	:	I bought the headphones in November. They worked well up until 2 months after purchase when the background music will play but the spoken words will not unless you wiggle the cord relentlessly and have your child not move while listening so that they can hear all the words to the story. Very frustrated. Wish I could get a refund.		
5	:	These headphones are awesome. My 6 year old uses them for his iPad and they can withstand a beating.		
4	:	Received as ordered. Look great but bought them as a gift so can't comment more. Looks like a good buy.		
5	:	My pre-schooler absolutely loves these. They???ve been through a lot already but still work perfectly fine :)		
4	:	"Bought by mistake, but ended up keeping them. They are a Christmas gift for a family member so they have not been used yet. They seem to be good quality though."		
5	:	They do what there supposed to do. Gave them to my lil brother because they were cheap and he need headphones.		
5	:	Worked great. Foldable with a bag and detachable wire. My child loves them.		
4	:	"These were purchased for a child who enjoys wearing them.  After a wearing a brief while, the hinge on one side seems a bit looser than the other.  Would also have preferred if you could limit the volume.  Overall satisfied with purchase."		
5	:	"After trying many pairs of headphones- these are finally the winner! Great sound, super comfy and adjustable and my 6 year old daughter LOVES them!"		
4	:	"While I had trouble with the first pair, the company blew me away by standing behind their product.  They were quite proactive in taking care of this.  For a product at this price level, that's saying something. Thanks."		
5	:	these are nice quality headsets.  I like the fact that the cord detaches from the headset itself.		
2	:	"Worked for like... 2 days and then stopped working. Only one side would work, then neither... awful."		
5	:	These were for my 3 year old and he loves them. He loves that he can???t hear other stuff. He loves that he can change the volume on the cord. As a parent I like that???s feature as well.  They are a little big looking but do fit him well. I also like that there is only a cord on one side of the headphones and it???s soft and durable.		
4	:	The kids are enjoying the headsets		
4	:	Good sound at a reasonable price. The sound cable is not as durable against my 4y/o.		
3	:	"These are okay...I purchased these for our grandson who is 5, but they are a tad to big for his head.  It does not seem to bother him much, except when he gets excited and they fall down/off :-)"		
5	:	Finally some headphones my daughter will wear!!  These are very comfortable for her and super cute!!		
5	:	My granddaughter loves her new headphone.  It???s very durable and light.  Sound is very clear and the volume can be adjusted accordingly which works for us especially when riding on airplanes.		
1	:	The headphones I received were defective.The sound barely come through and only on one side of the phones. Very disappointed. Needed these for a trip and now I won???t have time to get new ones because I have to return these.		
5	:	Purchased for my daughter to use at school. so nice to have them come in a bag to keep them separated from her class.		
5	:	"Kids love them! They use them at school to do assignments on the computer. No problems so far, so would order again."		
1	:	Unfortunately these headphones did not last long at all.		
4	:	My son likes them! They are easy to use.		
5	:	Perfect nose reduction eapecially considering I have twin boys who have competition turning the volume up on there tablets		
2	:	These were good until the microphone stopped working for no apparent reason.		
5	:	Headphones work exactly as expected. Using for computer class at school & iPad & computer usage at home.		
4	:	"For the price, they are very good headphones. But I felt a little ridiculous walking with them on the street. They are very large and bright and look a little silly for walking around."		
5	:	I am extremely happy with this purchase! The headphones appear well-made and quite sturdy. Love that the cord only plugs on one side of the headphones and is detachable. The quality of the cord is better than expected. Definitely recommend this for kids and adults alike.		
5	:	"My son loves these (he's 7) Comfortable fit, sound quality is very good, carrying case. Great for road trips or when he wants to sit with mom and dad but wants to watch or listen to his own thing. Great quality, price is amazing! I definitely recommend them."		
4	:	My grandsons loved them! I loved the peace it gave me. LOL.		
5	:	These work great. They come with a detachable cord and bag to carry everything in.		
3	:	We sometimes can get them to work and then other times we can't get any sound out of them. Don't recommend getting them if you need them to work for any extended period of time.		
5	:	The grandkids love these headphones! Perfect way for them to enjoy their movie while the parents can converse or drive without worrying about them.		
5	:	Bought these for my grandson. He said the sound quality was much better than his old ones.		
5	:	"Absolutely perfect. Got for my 3 year old to use on a plane. She loved them. When she fell asleep, I got to use them. Love!"		
5	:	Great product.		
5	:	"Good quality, clear sound, works well with iPad"		
5	:	Headphones are very comfortable and the sound is great!		
5	:	Bought these for both of my sons. They love them!!!! We had a problem with a wire and customer service sent us a replacement without a problem. Fun colors. Great product!!!!		
4	:	"Great headphones for price.  The cord ended up breaking within a few months of use, but we were able to purchase a replacement for just a few dollars."		
5	:	Detachable cables are a real boon for kids who are tough on cables!Sound is ok for $20		
4	:	"Good quality, (sound), good fit."		
4	:	Thought these could be wireless as well. They???re not but my son loves them.		
5	:	"These headphones are great.  Very comfortable, has a volume control on the wire, and the sound is great."		
5	:	Great product! Kids were so excited to receive. Came with it???s own bag and detachable cord.		
4	:	"I wanted inexpensive headphones for my 2 and 4 year old kids.  Because they are so young I needed something over the ear, not inside.  These were what I settled on after not much research.??? The sound quality is great - much better than I expected.???These fit both my kids pretty well on the smallest setting.  They are slightly adjustable but even at their age they didn???t slip or fall off.??? the colors are bright and fun and look like the pictures??? they are a crinkly, seemingly cheap plastic.  My kids treated them well and they???ve held up to a couple months of use but I would guess that if you???re rough with them or stand on them or something they would probably crack or break.  They don???t seem flexible.??? they come in a cloth bag so don???t expect much protection from a case since they don???t have one.??? these are designed and made in China according to the box.Overall, for the price I paid (might have been a lightning deal) they worked well for my family.  I bought a second pair shortly after the first and would do it again. I knocked one star for the cheap plastic feeling."		
5	:	Perfect headset for my daughter to use in her class this coming fall.  They don???t turn up to loud that I worry about it affecting her hearing. Quality product that folds up nicely and comes with a cloth bag to store when not in use.		
4	:	"Bought this for my daughter for Christmas so not sure how they wirk, but sleek design, foldable and a bag including aux cord. I'm sure she will love it."		
5	:	Great headphones and even better customer service. I bought a pair for my son to use at school and one side stopped working after a couple of months.  I contacted BestGot and Nerissa from the customer service team sent out a replacement that same day.		
5	:	These headphones work great. This is a great set of headphones for kids. They do not need to be handled with great care. They are durable enough to take a beating from a child. These head phones are also compatible with the ps4 even though it is not stated in the product description. The audio quality is great for this price point.		
4	:	"Great - comfortable, my daughter likes it.  Wish it had child-volume-limits but so far so good!"		
5	:	Bought for my 3rd grader for at school to use on the classroom chromebooks.  Works fine for the purpose.		
1	:	"This broke after two months. Both of the headphones, one for our son the other for my daughter."		
4	:	Comes in a little carrying bag which is helpful as my son needed to take it to school		
5	:	"Sound, is great and cable is heavy duty for my 10 year old! He lives the fit as well on the ears."		
5	:	Great product well-designed. They are great standard headphones. Look just as advertised.		
5	:	My daughter loves it! She hasn't had any issues with it. It works and does the job well :)		
5	:	"Bought 3 pair, all different colors for the kids for Christmas. They ended up opening them early. They work great. Seem to be holding up great too (2 weeks in and they use them everyday). Sound great for the price as long as you are not expecting Bose or Beats quality. We are talking 300 dollars vs. 20 here.  I would buy them again."		
5	:	Great headphones at a very reasonable price. Would buy from this seller again.		
4	:	I would like to say that I bought these for my daughter and she is enjoying them with no problem.		
5	:	Here we go.....we get to listen to our stuff and the grandkids theirs!!!		
5	:	"Pretty good headphones for the price. They work really well for what I wanted them to which was to talk to friends and listen to music. Mic works well, people can hear me fine without any problems. The cushions on the headphones are nice and comfy so they don't hurt my ears after hours of use."		
5	:	"So great, I bought two."		
2	:	Bought these for my 9 year old for his birthday.  They worked great for like the first month and then the wire started getting loose and in order to hear out of both ears you have to play with the cord to get it to sit right.  Wouldn't buy again.		
5	:	Kids love these...good quality and does not hurt their ears		
5	:	"This was a replacement for more pricey one.  Sorry for the late posting, but I wanted to make sure that headphones are durable enough for my daughter, as other brand fell apart within 2 months.  She has been using them for 5 months almost everyday and absolutely loves them for quality and comfort."		
1	:	arrived and did not work.  arghhh		
5	:	"I bought them for my 9 year old. He loves them. He thought it was pretty cool that they fold up and have their own bag. I believe the sound is great, I haven't used them myself, but he can't hear a word I say when he has them on."		
4	:	I got this for one of my granddaughters and it seems to work just fine.		
5	:	Quick Delivery. Sounds great and no cheap cords to break. Very pleased all around. Now lets hope the kids don't shower in them...		
2	:	"Great AT FIRST, but then the cord came out at where microphone is ????"		
5	:	"Just what I needed!  I like to listen to music while mowing and earbuds and on-ear headphones just weren't working for me.  These headphones are comfortable even in hot weather.  The sound quality is very good, and there is a fairly good noise-cancelling effect on the sound of the mower.  And I love the volume control located on the cord!  Very convenient."		
5	:	"Have only had the headphones a week, but they are easy to unpack, use , and store. The bag is wonderful to keep the headphones from tangling. The students do not complain about them being uncomfortable and are willing to use them for extended times when testing. Overall, very satisfied."		
5	:	Fits my 4 year olds head perfectly. They're very cute and comfy. She loves them		
5	:	"Bought these for my 5yr. old grandson.  They're lightweight, durable and have quality sound."		
5	:	The cable that came with the set failed in 4 months.Update: was contacted by BestGot customer service regarding the faulty cord and sent a replacement set of headphones. I am pleased with the service.		
4	:	"I didn't know these fold up.  I hope they don't break.  Shipping was very fast, though."		
5	:	"kids love these, good pricing"		
2	:	"This is for the children, but it's too loose for them."		
5	:	Great pair of headphones that doesn't break the bank. I bought them for the kids! Great purchase!		
5	:	"My son is 2 and loves them, they aren???t too loud for him either. He has dropped them and they still work perfectly fine."		
5	:	"Surprised with how nice these work. Seem durable too, perfect for my son to take to school.Update- less than 3 months and they don't work."		
5	:	My 8 year old daughter uses these and loves them.  No problems with them at all.		
1	:	It's not Bluetooth and one side stopped working the day after it was opened		
5	:	Good company. Will do their best to make you happy. Im impressed.		
5	:	Love these. They can get pretty loud even with the volume control but at least you can still hear everything unlike most kids headphones.		
5	:	These work perfectly. I would purchase again. Really high quality for the price. Feel sturdy and will last a long time.		
5	:	My son days they're very comfortable around his ears.		
5	:	My seven year old Grandson loves his new ear phones.  His Dad said he'd like a pair.		
5	:	Husband loves them. Said they sound very good. Will purchase for my son for out of town games.		
5	:	????		
5	:	Thede were really nice until they were stepped on :-(		
5	:	Nice headsets. Good quality sound and I like the bag that it comes in.		
5	:	My son thinks these are very comfortable and he loves the volume control on the cord.		
5	:	grand kid love these great price		
5	:	"Me and my kids each got a pair for the airplane trip we took. Even though they are not noise cancelling, we all had no problem hearing our movies. Hopefully they will stand up to my kids being rough with them. Worth the money."		
5	:	Bought for my son and he loves them. He can plug them into his Xbox controller which is a huge plus for me		
5	:	These are perfect for my 3 yr old!  They fit and sound great - And mommy don???t have to listen to the shows anymore LOL and mommy don???t have to listen to the shows anymore		
5	:	"Perfect size, comfortable"		
4	:	Sound and material quality is good. But the max volume could be too high for kids. Either having a switch to turn on/off the threshold or impose it by default would be better.		
5	:	"I bought these headphones for my son,he loves to wear these to watch his favorite movie !"		
5	:	"Great headphones for kids. I have 7, 8 and 10 year olds and these fit well and are very comfortable. The kids love that they fold up and fit in their little carry bags. Great for taking to school and travelling."		
5	:	Great quality.. comes with nice storage bag.  My 6 year old loves them and can use them with ease.		
2	:	Does NOT fit child's head.  Too big.  Product NOT as described.		
5	:	Bought this for my son he absolutely loves them these come with a very durable bag and fold up so far they seem to be pretty good quality for the price		
5	:	My 9 yo loves them! I love not having to listen to his videos anymore		
4	:	This company is very responsive to customer feedback!		
4	:	Purchased as a gift.  Recipient was pleased w/ them during initial use.		
5	:	"I purchased these headphones for my 6 yr. old to use.  She finds them to be extremely comfortable, and I love the removable cord.  So far the headphones have stood up to her use and we are very satisfied with our purchase."		
5	:	"Excellent quality for the price, both of my daughters use these for playing on the computer and I am loving the sound of silence!"		
5	:	Awesome headphones for kids. Pretty sure my nephews are going to sleep in them tonight!		
5	:	"Amazing headphones,  fits all size heads,  can talk on the phone very easily and im hard of hearing and had no problem."		
5	:	These are great for my 5 year old's ipad.		
5	:	Grandson loves headphones with new Fire tablet for kids. Headphones are not Bluetooth.		
4	:	Bought for my young daughter. Small enough to fit around her head. Appears to be durable. Works well. It broke after a year		
5	:	"my 6 year old uses them at school, she loves them, she hears perfectly, can control the sound and is not bothered by outer sounds"		
5	:	Bought these for my daughter and I almost want to buy another pair just for me! Love the balance of the sound and the ear pads are really comfortable. The way they fold down is awesome for traveling and I love how the cord is detachable. Great set of headphones!		
3	:	The headphones themselves seem quite good. However the cable for some reason is lacking. The connector the plugs in just bent and stretched out with light use. I have never in all my years see. A cable connector do that. And I can???t find the replacement cable.		
5	:	Loved them for my 5 yr old		
5	:	Very good product.		
4	:	I thought the removable cord was a good idea until my daughter lost it.		
5	:	"Nice sound, good fit, easy to adjust sound.  Easy to fold up for transportation.  All in all a great product."		
5	:	Bought these for my 12 year old for school this year. Not only does she love them but I do as well. They are well made and fold up nicely for her to store in her backpack.		
5	:	"I purchased a few headphones for students in my class.- good for all ages- very colorful- comfortable/ soft- very durable, 3rd graders use them with Ipads every day- built in microphone- volume control- folds easily into bag- blocks outside noise- amazing quality for price"		
1	:	These were great but stopped working after 2 months!!!!		
5	:	"These headphones are great! They fold easily, have an amazing sound, and are pretty good at cancelling outside noise. What an amazing price!"		
5	:	Great product for an excellent price. Ordered one pair to check them out and ended up ordering two more!		
5	:	"I bought these for the little sister for school and they were promptly stolen by the older sister, sooo I came back and bought another 2 pairs, one to replace the little sisters ones stolen for school and one for her to keep at home."		
3	:	"These are okay, they work great just wish they were better at blocking out outside noise"		
5	:	I really like it ; it was for my 7 year old son.		
5	:	Looks great sounds great- fit my daughter perfectly and it does not hurt her ears		
3	:	"I can???t really review these headphones as they weren???t what I was looking for but it won???t allow me to not put stars. I returned them, they appeared to be of very good quality and durable."		
4	:	Bought these for my 5 year old son. I wouldn't say they are completely over the ear headphones but he said they were comfortable. He used them on the plane to and from vacation.		
5	:	I bought these for my soon to be 4 year old and they are perfect! He loves to wear them. They work really well. He uses them mainly for his Kindle tablet and it???s easy for him to put on and plug in by himself.		
5	:	Great headphones. My son needed new ones from another brand because his head got so big. I really like the sound and more importantly the volume control on the connection wire. Great value.		
5	:	Solid product. Durable with a 3 yr old.		
5	:	"Gift for a 10.5 year old boy.  Great quality, stands up to use by a young boy, outstanding sound."		
5	:	"Got these for my child (9).  They work well, and are comfortable."		
1	:	"Within 3 months of purchasing the two headphones, both were only producing sound in one ear."		
5	:	These are great and my kids fight over them. Guess I will be buying more at Christmas time.		
5	:	"[New Style] BestGot Wired Headphones Over Ear with microphone In-line Volume with Transport Waterproof Bag Foldable Headphone with 3.5mm plug removable cord (Black/Pink)Bought for my 5 year old, great granddaughter.  We both liked it."		
5	:	As described		
5	:	"I bought these headphones for each of our boys, ages 5 and 7, for school. I had an issue with one of the pairs, but customer service was fantastic with handling the situation to my satisfaction- even on a Sunday nonetheless! I would buy these again."		
5	:	Great for our Grandbabies!  Very clear!		
4	:	Great headphones but the auxiliary chord didn't last very long..		
5	:	my daughter loves it!		
5	:	For the price a great product!  My kids love them and they fold up into a nice travel pouch.  They look good too!		
4	:	Loved the headphones up untill the cable became noticeably damaged. They are lightly used around the house and for my kids iPad. Can I order the cable apparently? Since that the only issue I find from these headphones.		
5	:	I bought these for my 7 yr old grandson and he likes them.		
5	:	This is the 2nd set of headphones we've purchased. Our grandkids love them. They are durable and have good sound. There is a good selection of colors. So far we have no negatives to report. Great product!		
5	:	Good quality and comfort! Better than most at the same price point.		
5	:	I bought 2 of them for my son and they are well built and survived to our trip to France. Sound is good. and they enjoyed these headphones.Kids and Parents are happy		
5	:	Nice sound		
5	:	"Lo compr?? para mi hijo, nunca ha tenido problema, buen sonidp."		
5	:	Work well.  We made a mistake and thought they are Bluetooth headphones.  It worked out though.  They are comfortable and or 8 and 11 year old boys like them.		
5	:	"Bought for my son, for both listening to audio books AND for sound buffer at movie theaters.  They are comfortable, they fold up pretty small, and we love that you can unplug the cord from the headphones.  We've had them only a few weeks, so I can't write about durability.  I do hope they last a while!"		
5	:	Got these for a Grandchild.  Like that the wires can be unpluged		
5	:	I bought them for my son He loves them. He accidentally broke them so I got him another pair.		
4	:	"No issues, good quality."		
5	:	"Shipped quickly, looks sturdy. Hopefully they will last longer than the last ones i ordered from another company."		
5	:	Got these for my 5 year old son for school and he says they work grear		
5	:	So far so good. My daughter loves this headphone. It???s beautiful and works well.		
5	:	So far so good!  Bought these for my 3rd grade son to take (and keep) at school and he loves them.  I've read the reviews about them not working after a few weeks so we'll see.  The quality seems great and the sound is great.		
5	:	Purchased these for my daughter and she loves them! They are are comfortable and the fact that they fold up and appear to be well made! We are very happy with this purchase and would buy them again!		
2	:	At first we really liked these but with in the month the jack got stuck in my sons kindle and we had to use pliers to get it out. Unfortunately it was passed the return period so we will need to purchase another pair.		
3	:	Broke after 3 months of daily use.		
5	:	My daughter loves the headphones. They are perfect for her school learning activities! They feel soft on her ear and just the right size for her. Great price!		
4	:	Just picked up yesterday. Delivery was quick and product as decribed. The folding is a nice option if traveling which we intend these for. Just not sure if they will last as the folding section is all plastic and could break in little kids hands. Withholding 1 star till after the vacation to make sure they will last a while.		
4	:	"These fit my 5th grade daughter's head well. They aren't too tight like most kid headphones. As a mom, I don't like that the cord comes unplugged from the headphones. The bag is handy for the kids to carry them in."		
5	:	Very satisfied with this product.		
5	:	Purchased these head phones for my 8 year daughter.  I've purchased others but seems volume was always too low in kids head phones. But not these. Sound is amazing. Even with a bit of bass if you ask me. Will be purchasing for myself in future.		
5	:	"Awesome headphones. Bought them for my son and I love them. The sound quality is clear, it's loud and has a great base to it.Perfect for listening to music or watching videos."		
5	:	I bought these for my 3 year old son to use on the plane and they were perfect for him.		
5	:	Bought for Christmas. Won???t know about it until it is opened.		
5	:	This is 3rd set in our family and we are very happy with every each of them. Great quality and good price.		
5	:	Bought it for my 8 year old. He likes the sound quality and this headphones looks durable. Product arrived on time and was exactly as specified in Amazon. The pouch tore apart after the first day of use. Will definitely recommend this product for the kids		
4	:	Bought these as a Christmas gift and my son loves his headphones. His dad even tried them. Excellent sound quality.		
5	:	"Great headphones for the price, my 8 and 10 yr old granddaughters love them!"		
1	:	My kid is 7 and very gentle on headphones. But still the cord stopped working. He need twist in different ways to hear. He is not using it as it is very hard to keep twisting the cord all the time...		
4	:	My son loves the head set. It's very sturdy. We love the bag and the way it easily folds.		
5	:	my son like it. good sound and size for kids and adult		
5	:	"These are great headphones, very comfortable for our daughter and a great product for the price!"		
1	:	I got these for my boss's grandson and he went to pull the extensions out a little to put them on and right side just snapped out.  So disappointed.		
5	:	"Bought these for my kids, so i didn't have to listen to their movies i the car.  They work perfectly! my kids are 3 & 5 and they aren't too tight or too loose on them!"		
5	:	"Kids love how they feel, and the volume control is very helpful."		
5	:	"Theses headphone are the perfect size for my 5 year old (and he has a big head!) the sound quality is great.  He used them on a plane, and they were a lifesaver. The storage bag is very convenient. Great product for a decent price!"		
5	:	my son hated the ear buds.  He loves these!		
5	:	My son said it works well		
3	:	"The collapsing portion of the headphone is a bit difficult for kids to manage, but otherwise they look and sound great."		
5	:	My daughter loves them! They're comfortable and fit well.		
4	:	Got these for my 7 year old and they fit him well.		
5	:	Perfect Size for my 5 yr old		
5	:	We bought the green and black head phone for my son since it is required for school. The quality seems really nice and I'm loving the removable aux cord and the volume slider.		
5	:	"these headphones are amazing . they seem small but they???re not . the sound quality is perfect . the cord is very strong & durable , not your standard heaphone cord . so great if you???re buying for a child . i accidentally ordered the wrong color but customer service was quick to help me with my problem & are sending me the replacements ."		
5	:	We purchased them for our two-year-old son. We are taking a plane ride and wanted some headphones for movies and games. They fit his ears very nicely and he liked them. And for the price you can???t beat them!		
5	:	Bought these for kids in a class.  They like it.		
5	:	Great item thank you		
5	:	These are great for kids.  They easily adjust down to fit a child's head or adjust them to fit mom or dad's head.  They fold up small for storage and seem to be pretty durable so far.  The sound is great for the price and being able to get so many different color combinations means that you can easily find one your child will love.		
5	:	Looked as promised. Gave as a gift so no idea about performance.		
5	:	My 8 yr old son loved it.I got it for his school(computer class).The sound.is good and another plus is it has a volume control.Highly recommend this product.		
5	:	My son loves these. They fit nicely and are of good quality.		
5	:	Perfect for the grandkids assured destruction.		
5	:	"Bought them for my son.  Great sound, low price. No complaints."		
4	:	Great for my 6 year old girl and competitively priced.		
5	:	Got these for my daughter for Christmas and she absolutely loves them.		
5	:	"Comfortable, adjustable and convenient - they fit my 3 year old comfortably and can also be extended to comfortably fit me and my husband's heads too.  Love how they fold down so they can easily be packed into your carry on bag or backpack and don't take up that much space."		
5	:	"Bought these for my son and he is extremely pleased with them.  Super comfortable, sound is excellent and seem sturdy enough to last."		
5	:	The company did a great job to resolve an issue we had. We are very pleased with the service and quality for the price		
5	:	I bought these for a road trip for my 8 year old twin boys. They are great . I especially like the removable cord to help keep them tangle free. I also love that they aren???t too loud for my young boys ears . Over all they are a win.		
5	:	I bought it for my son.  He loves it.This seller has a great customer service system.		
5	:	They are awesome headphones with the best customer service!		
5	:	I love these headphones. I bought 5 of them! Great price		
5	:	I highly recommend this product. Was purchased for my 2 toddler boys (age 2 and 4). They were comfortable and with being adjustable will fit for years to come. I like that the code could be removed too.		
5	:	The sound quality is fantastic for the price but the construction leaves something to be desired.Edit: The company reached out to me after I had received a faulty pair. They sent me a new pair and I am glad to say that the issues wih the other pair were no where to be seen! The customer service was fantastic and the product is wonderful!		
5	:	"Bought for my son's IPad work at school. They are comfortable, look good and sound great."		
5	:	Perfect...		
1	:	Stopped working after 3 months of usage.		
5	:	My son loves these! He especially likes the fact that it has the volume control button and the sound quality is really good.		
5	:	Great sound and love that these can fold		
5	:	Very happy  The quality is good  It came quickly with no problems  Only drawback is the inline switch is black on black very difficult should be different color  poor design		
5	:	Very good product that cancels ambient noise well and offers a competitive price.		
4	:	"While my 7 year old LOVED these headphones, it was only a matter of weeks before he broke them. I have no idea how he did it, but I'm off to buy yet another pair of headphones for him"		
5	:	My grandson says he really likes them. The sound is good and they are his favorite color !		
5	:	My 5 year old daughter loves them!		
5	:	We got our replacement and there is no issues. We love it now. The sound is terrific.		
5	:	Bought for our grandson and he tried it out immediately and loves it.		
2	:	"Welp it lasted a few months, not really sure how it broke like that. I got home from college and it felt loose on the right ear next thing I know it was dangling like that."		
5	:	Great product. Is compatible with I Phone. Is comfortable on child???s ears. Now the child and Nans can coexist in the same room. The headphones fold away and fits nicely in cloth bag provided for storage		
2	:	Broke after 24 hours..		
5	:	Best head phones I have had work great while riding the lawn mower.		
5	:	my 7 year old LOVES these headphones...they are so good that I 'HAD TO' order another pair for my other son! (maybe i'm next!) Great price too. Very satisfied. TD		
5	:	Great look and functionality.		
5	:	"Very comfortable, stylish and a great price. Thanks!"		
4	:	"Head set is fine, good deliveryAs expected."		
5	:	Got these just in time for our trip and they were great for my son.  Bulky but they fold nicely and I like how the cord is removable so it doesn't get damaged easily.		
5	:	"Bought for a gift and she absolutely loves them, came in a nice carrying bag as well."		
5	:	I bought these for my son's birthday and he loves them. I love that they fold inward and that the cord can come out.		
5	:	Good headphones at this price point.  Very stylish too!		
4	:	"Good value for the money,  the microphone is fuzzy though."		
4	:	These are amazing but one of the sides broke.. idk if it was me or because I folded them up for a while yesterday..		
5	:	My son is very satisfied with the headphones! The sound quality is amazing		
5	:	My son loved it!		
5	:	Kids love them		
5	:	I was skeptical at first looking at the price but decided to try it anyway. Awesome sound quality and clarity. will recommend.		
5	:	Bought these for a seven year old. So far so good! He loves them. They definitely get loud! They seem sturdy and made with good quality. I would recommend.		
5	:	"Bought two pair -- for two grandsons. The boys love them and the headphones fit their heads,"		
5	:	Works well.		
5	:	The headphones have a really good sound and fit my son's ears perfectly. The carrying case is nice so he can store the headphones when not in use. Very pleased with these so far.		
4	:	Love it. Sound great!		
5	:	"My daughter loves these headphones. Quality, sound is good."		
5	:	daughter loved them.  Likes that they fold and come with carrying case.		
4	:	"Love the headphones. The kids find them comfortable and they are very easy for travel with the pouch and detaching cord. Just note, these are not wireless. The cord detaches and the headphones fold for easy portability."		
4	:	Purchased for kids and they love them. They say they are comfortable and the sound is really good whether it's music or tablet watching		
5	:	Bought these for my 13 yr. old granddaughter & she loves them.		
5	:	Tough.		
5	:	My daughter has been using these headphones at school and she loves them. So far so good. :) Thank you!		
5	:	Very durable looking nice color		
5	:	Used for my son's Outschool online classes. They work well and he loves that they're blue lol		
5	:	This was a gift for a grandson.  He loves it.		
5	:	I bought a bunch of these Headphones for my Grandchildren and they loved them!		
5	:	My grand-daughter loves this. She uses it in her classroom		
5	:	Love that it folds compactly and has a storage drawstring case.		
5	:	Awesome earphones! My son loves them.		
1	:	HORRIBLE Quality. Broke within week of getting them. The company were kind enough to send us extra headphones which ALSO broke. I ordered one pair for my daughter as well and they didn't last longer than a month. Not worth the $18 at all.		
5	:	Great headset. Works perfect and my 10 year old uses them all the time. Says they are awesome sounding and comfortable. Fast shipping too.		
5	:	Perfect for my 2nd grader for school		
5	:	"I bought a pair for each of my children and they fit wonderfully on all their heads,  ages ranging from 7 -3 yo. We were all very happy with these headphones.  Not just the way they fit but with the durability, sound quality, and even the packaging."		
5	:	Foldable and adjustable! Fun colors		
5	:	My grand kids seem to like them.  They are very comfortable		
5	:	Perfect for kids		
5	:	Great pair of headphones especially with the prime price.		
4	:	got them for my grandson for school so far so good		
5	:	Daughter loves using this product with Facetime. The foldup and tangle resistant cord are great features.		
5	:	"We bought 2 pairs of these headphones, one for a 7 year old and one for a 2 year old. They work great and fit both well. Importantly, they were comfortable enough for the 2 year old to keep them on his ears."		
5	:	Great headphones for school. Love the bag they can be put it too.		
5	:	Absolutely fabulous product!  I love it.		
5	:	I purchased this as a gift. I don't know yet how well they work but they did arrive on time lool exactly as pictured and have a little carrying bag so that's nice.		
5	:	Daughter loves them		
5	:	son has never complained about them.		
4	:	they are good they r not bluetooth. The cushions are a little weird but my 10 year old son loves them		
5	:	My son uses these headphones for school and he loves them!!!		
4	:	Bought these for my son who is starting kindergarten. He needs headphones to use with his ipad at school. Like the fit and they seem like good quality.		
4	:	Bought these for my 10 year Olds birthday.  Good  quality for the price.  Really liked that they folded.  They are comfortable to wear.  Only draw back is they are a little hard to adjust.		
5	:	Nice quality headphones especially for the price.  They fit well.  The items was delivered very promptly. Excellent customer service!  I can't wait to make a purchase from them again.  Excellent!		
5	:	Great sound and the kids love them. I listened to it for awhile and the sound is better than my in ear headphones		
5	:	Best all day lips there are.		
3	:	Could be made a bit tougher for kids...		
5	:	"good product, for kids, the mic works well, good product for the price... love the cable and foldable."		
5	:	Sent my 4th grader off to school with these today!Look and feel good fit wise for him.		
5	:	Best kids headphones we have ever purchased!		
5	:	Daughter absolutely loves them!!		
4	:	"I bought these for my son for school and home use. It???s only been a week but so far, so good. He likes them and says they???re comfortable. I haven???t tried them yet but I do like that the cord is removable, the headphones are foldable, and come with a carrying bag."		
4	:	The price is right and the product is very well done. This is the second one I am buying.		
5	:	Work great! Couldn't ask for more for the price. Love that they are collapsible!		
5	:	"Purchased for my 10 year old to have at school. It has only been a week so far, seems to be working well"		
4	:	"Got these for my grandsons. They have a very nice sound, now if they hold up thru their use they will be a perfect 5."		
4	:	My son really liked them for the 2 months they worked.UPDATE:  BestGot reached out to me and sent another set of headphones for my son for free.I appreciated that kind of service.		
5	:	"I tried them out before I gave them to my son, great quality!!!!"		
5	:	"Just got these, but my son was playing his iPad, and seem to be happy.I borrowed them when I couldn???t find my earphones to help me study. They worked well.I ordered 2 pairs for a trip. I can update afterwards."		
5	:	Great headphones! Great quality!		
1	:	"Bought these for my son, he complained about not hearing the music fully. After trying them myself I noticed that when moving the cable around the music came in and out. They need to include a better quality cable, this occurred shortly after receiving."		
5	:	"Bought these for my 2nd grader's school supply list. They feel quite durable, and my son said he thinks they look cool, too."		
5	:	Grandson loves these and I have ordered my granddaughter the purple ones!		
5	:	Works well		
5	:	"My son loves these headphones, as does my husband. He is always borrowing them!"		
5	:	They work well. Foldable. Holding up well.		
5	:	Good quality and the fit my 12 year old perfectly.		
5	:	"My 10 year old has gone through so many headphones and these are by far the best. They???re comfortable, conveniently portable and it perfectly blocks outside sounds. She loves them!!"		
5	:	Fits well and has a good sound quality.		
5	:	"Very comfortable and good sound quality, a bang for the buck!!"		
5	:	Perfect fit for little ears		
5	:	My kids use them daily. They love them		
5	:	"My 9yo bought them and so far LOVES them.  They fit well and he can't stop talking about how ""awesome"" they look.  I can't speak to sound quality since I've never worn them myself, but no complaints from him."		
5	:	These fit both my 5 and 2 year old. I put them on and was surprised at the sound quality. We'll be getting another pair so they don't have to share.		
5	:	Great headphonesI hope my nephew loves them too		
5	:	"Got these for my son, they work great so far, like how they told up"		
5	:	Gave these as a gift and they really love them.Sound quality is great for the price and the mic isn't that bad.****Update****It's been two months almost and the right side has gone out .		
4	:	Bought these for my daughter. She loves them. She takes them everywhere with her. So far they have held up great.		
5	:	"I bought these for my 3 year old granddaughter. She was too young to use ear buds. My daughter told me later they were so successful with the 3 yr old that her older sister wanted a pair, too."		
4	:	My son said these work great. He is quite pleased		
5	:	"I bought the headphones as a gift for my 10 year old nephew. He absolutely loves them. The sound is great, he loves the color and the include bag in which to carry them. And, the price was amazing"		
5	:	Good value for the price. Work great!		
5	:	"Work well, fold nicely.  No complaints from my daughter."		
4	:	"Loved these for my two boys ( 2 and 5 yrs old),  bought them for the car rides and they are great sound quality and durable so far.  Would???ve given it 5 stars if they were wireless."		
4	:	"Heads-up - this is a lengthy review - but when you are considering a headphone at this price you deserve as much review as you can get to help you decide! I will rate by topic so you can also focus on what is most important to you. Let's start with context. These are my first Beats headphones - wired or wireless. They are not of course my first wireless or wired headphones. I have several wireless headphones including Jabra Move and Jaybird BlueBuds X. I also have several wired headphones with my favorites being KEF M500 (on ear) and Oppo PM-2 (over ear). My sound preference in a headphone is crisp and clear highs and mids with a presence and ""definition"" of bass - but not over done. Yea, I'm not a bass-head. So here we go...WIRELESS (5 / 5):Right off the bat, this is where these headphone excel, and why I considered and bought them in the first place. They are by far the easiest bluetooth headphones I have used to pair and manage with multiple devices. This of course assumes you are very deep in the Apple eco-system - which I am. I use these headphones with an iPhone, iPad and MacBook. Initial pairing was simple and automatic with my iPhone - place it next to it, turned it on, hit accept and done. Then in seconds the headphone showed up in all my Apple devices! And switching between what device is connected and active is just as easy. I could never get previous wireless headphones I owned to play nice with multiple devices even though they supposedly supported this feature. One wireless headphone always went back and forth between my iPhone and iPad even when I was in the middle of listening to music on my iPhone. Not so with the Solo3! And the range and battery life are incredible. I have owned my Solo3 for over a week and I am still on the initial charge. So hands down wireless performance is the best feature of these headphones.COMFORT (4 / 5):The Solo3 is an on-ear headphone and for me they are actually quite comfortable. The leather pads are comfortable and seal well - though they are not as soft as the pads on my KEFs. But maybe they will soften over time. The ""clamping"" of the Solo3 is firm and keeps the headphones very stable during moderate activity but not so tight that they bother my ears at all. The headband liner is comfortable for me too - I don't seem to have the rubbing problem some people have mentioned. And the plastic construction (see again under quality) actually has one plus in that it keeps the headphones light. I almost don't notice they are on my head until... The good seal and firm/thick pads cause my ears to heat up after about 30 mins so I do have to take them off for short ""cool-down"" breaks.QUALITY (3 / 5):This is a hard one to judge short term so my rating here is certainly preliminary. Bottom line - admittedly there is a lot of plastic here. Yes, it is a plus under comfort as it keeps the headphones light. But when you get in to this price range you defiantly see more metals and leathers and less plastic. And some wired headphones I have are so solid they have lasted me over a decade! I am not sure I will be able to say that about these headphones. And a 1 year warranty is not very confident - some headphones starting at this price point offer up to 3 years. It would certainly inspire confidence if Beats backed these a bit more and made me feel like the plastic construction was solid and truly there for comfort (weight). That said its too early to bash longevity yet.SOUND (4 / 5):Ok now the final and most subjective topic - the sound quality. Recall my sound preference - not a bass-head. When I first heard about these headphones with the new wireless chip - I was interested because of all the hassles I had before with bluetooth headphones. But because they were Beats I struggled to decide to purchase or not. I have not owned Beats because Beats headphones I listened to in the past were definitely too much bass for me - thudding and muffled. But I decided to give it a try - I could always return them. They are not going back! The sound is actually a pleasant surprise. Yes, they are more bass then what I own now - but they sound more balanced then what I remember. You can hear good mids and highs - though they are certainly more reserved. And the spatial separation is very good - these give a full and well spaced sound that makes you feel like you are indeed in the middle of the studio or concert. They excel with more Rock then Classical, so there still is a place for my wired headphones, but I also don't feel like I have to sacrifice sound quality to get wireless convenience.OVERALL (4 / 5):Overall, these are very good wireless headphones - they are now my primary go to wireless headphones for sound quality and convenience across all my Apple devices - though I am keeping my set of wireless Jaybirds for intense workouts only. They are even what I turn to now over my wired headp"		
1	:	I ordered red and got silver BUT that isnt the worst thing - they were totally a knockoff - they have name and everything but I own another pair I bought at Best Buy and the new ones were a lot lighter - the ear cushions were terrible and the foam under head support was garbage - Amazon beware of where you are getting these before you put your seal of approval on them. I am going to a big box store to get my replacements so I can see and feel them for myself before I buy - Amazon usually great but they failed on this one!		
5	:	"So based on the reviews I was gonna send this back immediately. I called amazon ahead of time complaining about the reviews and they not doing anything. And that if my package didn???t come in a manufactured sealed box than I was gonna return it and file a complaint because it???s sold from amazon and it???s either used or fake. I want having it. Then I started to freak out and started the process of getting a refund. But when I received them, the box was manufactured sealed on plastic and I watched YouTube videos to spot fake beats and what to look for. I downloaded the beats updated on my MacBook  Air and plugged in my headphones and they identified them as real beat solo 3???s and I registered my beats. I also made sure it connected to my phone the way the new beats do across all iCloud devices and they did. Brand new! Real beats! Great price! Please go through the nesssary process that I did to make sure they are real. Be on it with amazon. It???s sad but you have to. I love my beats solo 3???s!"		
1	:	"When you buy new, not refurbished beats, at FULL PRICE, you just might get Jason???s used beats. Jason didn???t even have the audacity to save the wrapping, put the cords in nicely or delete his name. They???re even scratched and greasy. Such crap that this got returned and passed through to another customer. So disappointed."		
1	:	Bought this with a Gift Card that I got for Christmas and was excited to get these when it comes in the mail because I???ve always wanted a pair of beats. I just got them in the mail right now and these turned out to be FAKE! I compared them to my sisters beats that her boyfriend got her and also watched YouTube videos and they are way different from what I got. I knew there was a catch to this and it doesn???t even match the description. Will be filing a return claim and will keep updated on status. Buyers Beware!		
1	:	"I wish I had read the reviews on this product before purchasing it.  After less than two months, the right ear piece stopped working.  Afterwards I read reviews that this exact same thing has happened to many people......not to mention a boatload of other problems besides this one.  I am in agreement with some of the reviews that this Beats Solo 3 Headphones are fakes or refurbished.  I purchased a new pair today from a big box store.  What a difference when I held them and used them.  The new ones are heavier and more solid.  The ear cups/cushions are larger and more comfortable.  I'm not saying ALL of the Amazon Beats Solo 3's are ""crap"".  I have purchased A LOT from Amazon and have NEVER had an issue with the products or the customer service."		
1	:	Don't buy it - waste of money!  Keeps breaking and only one side works.  I've sent this off to be repaired and it broke again after one week.  Not a happy customer.  They repair process was a joke - no email notifications were sent so I had no clue what was going on with the status.  You have to sign into Amazon and view your order to actually see the updates from the repair.  2 thumbs down!		
1	:	"These came in the mail today, and the first thing I noticed was how light the package was. It was so light that I opened it to see if there was actually anything in there. There were headphones in there, but I would sooner say the earth was flat than say those headphones were Beats. They???re made of an insanely cheap plastic and the sound quality is like listening to a speaker that has been played too loudly and broken. I reached out through Amazon to the seller for a refund, and I hope that goes through since I obviously messed up when I thought I was getting used Beats. If you want these headphones, buy them through Apple so that you can be 100% sure that what you are getting is an authentic product. I know Amazon will be awesome as always to help me figure this out, but I am shocked that it happened."		
1	:	"WARNING! This Beats Solo3 is 100% FAKE! It's built with inferior materials and looks awful. Don't buy, unless you're into fake products."		
1	:	At this point I have had the headphones 4 months and now they won't connect to Bluetooth. I also tried to connect them to a PC for an update but they will not connect via USB. I have tried to reset the headphones but that didn't work either. In contact with Apple Support now. This is my second pair of Beats and the other ones had to be sent in to be repaired because the right side stopped working.		
1	:	"I got these headphones 4 months ago and for the first two months, the were great. A couple of months in, I started to have some connectivity issues and the earpads started separating from the base. Then the rubber headband started to come off.Finally, a couple of days ago, the headphones died completely. I charged them to 100% and the still won't turn on. I bought wireless Sol Republic headphones a couple of years ago and they worked fine until I lost them and had to buy new headphones. I got these Beats thinking they'd be an upgrade.... They're cheaply made sold at a ridiculous price. NOT AT ALL WITH THE MONEY. THEY ONLY LASTED FOUR MONTHS!"		
4	:	"Ladies & Gents this Review is best suited for those share the same interest in the following questions.1) Is it Loud Enough?Absolutely...., Beats by Dre now uses Apple Tech in their HeadPhone lines, held by Strong Standards giving you quality sound and durability......Read On-->2) is It Worth the money ?You pay for what you expect not for what you want... ,  They are Made for the Every Day User with Great Quality Materials and of Course Performance3)Gloss Black Vs Black?These are GlossBlack with look great they really are made of good materials and although it has a beautiful glossy black finish to it , its not that annoying super shiny 'sprinkling gloss'I owned the previous model the Wired Solo 2's wich I did Enjoined but didn't fill my expectations on Quality ... The Solo 3's changes all that....With High Quality Output Sound, Long Lasting Battery Life, and made of Great Quality materials you have everything you need in the box and the HeadPhones already come with a full charge ..... I gotta be completely Honest and say I have had them for half a day at the time of this review and wanted to write an informative review on my experience .... the quality of hd sound and battery life for daily use ... some up in One word AMAZING!!!....40 hours of battery life after a single charge or 3 hours after a 5 min. charge ...Great Quality Sound and what looks to be made of great lasting material .... Get!! I like the head phones not to mention how quickly it connects to your iPhone , now I also own an Apple Watch and was always pleased on the seamless experience of the bluetooth connectivity ...the Solo 3's give you the same experience ... giving cordless a new meaning.....Update;After almost 6 months of Normal Use Left Headphone gave up ( no sound) Lets see if we are covered ....."		
1	:	UPDATE: CANT FIND REPLACEMENT EARPHONES SO UR F???D WHEN BUYING THESE. ADDED THE NEW PICS- DONT BUY THEM! PAY MORE IF U WANT REPLACEMENT PARTS! DISAPPOINTED CUZ I COULDNT AFFORD THEM!!!Thought these were great for the 1st month...NOW LOOK AT THE PICS! Pics may be dark but doesn???t cover or emphasize the crap I got.FALLING APART VERY FAST! I???ve been sitting on posting a review for 2 weeks!PLEASE DONT WASTE UR MONEY UNLESS U WANT TO WASTE IT ON ME!????SO UPSET SINCE I DON???T HAVE MONEY TO WASTE!!!!!TOTAL CRAP!!!!If amazon takes my review off I will keep posting!		
1	:	"Be careful. These are advertised as new and sold by Amazon directly; however, when they arrived, they don't work at all. Did not pair initially, then once paired, it went back into pairing mode every 2-3 minutes and kept losing bluetooth. Would not turn on if it was not plugged in and would not do a software update.  Contacted Apple for support and it turns out the serial number on the headphones do not match the serial number on the box they came in. Apple says according to the serial number on the device, they were purchased last fall and are NOT new and have already been reported as defective.  I'm very angry after spending this much on headphones, I expect them to be new and defect free. Returning for a refund and will shop elsewhere."		
5	:	"I got this item yesterday. I felt good so far use this product. I got new box without any straches or missing cable. All complete and new. I think this original product. I like use this when I was running on treadmill or doing exercise, but I'm not using everyday. I hope after use it still going well. Thank you"		
5	:	"Disclaimer: I've never owned a pair of headphones in this price range.  I bought these on sale ($30 off) and had a bunch of rewards for the store I purchased these at - so I honestly paid about $30 out of pocket.I love these things.  First, I was looking for something with the W1 chip to easily sync/switch between my iPhone, apple watch, ipod, ipad, etc.  It's flawless.  I also have them synced to my Windows 10 laptop.  If that's on it takes priority over the other connections, so I just flip the bluetooth on the laptop on or off (it's a toggle function button on mine) and it works great for that as well.  This alone is awesome for my use.I find them very comfortable.  I have a big head lol, not much hair to worry about though ;)  I heard some people didn't like the padding on the top, but I think it's adequate and doesn't bother me at all.Now, like I said above - I haven't had much to compare to in this price range.  This blows away any other pair of headphones I've used.  I have some sony over the ear headphones (plug in), some jaybird x2's, I've had some power beats... These sound so good to me.  The bass is strong on music it's supposed to be, and seems to be perfect on other music, country, rock, etc.  I know beats reputation for overpowering bass, and I just don't hear it here.  I'm no audiophile though.The battery life is just ridiculous.  40 hours?  I've played about 20 hours of music since last charge and am just above 50% battery.  That is crazy.The wireless range IS INSANE.  I can leave my phone in the bedroom, be across the house (75ft+) though 3 interior walls and an exterior wall, and these don't skip a beat.  They can also be plugged in, includes a 3.5MM cable with remote.They work great for making calls and talking to siri as well!If anything changes I'll post it, but honestly I'm blown away by these."		
5	:	"Got 2 pairs at once for me and my girlfriend who use them all the time with our iPhones. I have an iPhone 7 and she has an iPhone 6. I love the new pairing tech apple has in the iPhone 7's and up and these headphones are just great. You can use wires if you want to, which I think maybe makes the base a little better, though I am not sure how accurate that is. Either way, I LOVE THESE headphones! One thing I am surprised about is the battery life on these things. I charge them once a week and often fall asleep with them on Audible and wake up to them still playing all night and still only charge about once a week. The battery life is amazing, the range is amazing, the weight and design, packaging and comfort is just all top notch. I thought the battery life might be due to the W1 chip in my iphone 7 which uses the same tech as the Air Buds, but my girlfriend who uses regular bluetooth with her iPhone 6 reports the same ridiculous battery life. She also says that she charges hers once or twice a week. These are easily the most comfortable beats thus far for over the ear. Head fatigue is almost non existent."		
3	:	"The sound was good, but the ear piece part was small for my taste. It put a lot of pressure on the outside of my ears...it wasn't super comfortable. If you have large ears, you may want to try them on first. But sound wise, they were great."		
1	:	"I bought these particilar set of headphones for my grandson on May 27,2017. He was so excited! He receieved the headphones on May 29,2017. Three weeks ago the headphones broke . I told him it would be no problem as we bought the Square Trade insurance. Imagine my surprise to find out there was no insurance, In my grandson???s excitement he may not have done so. Nevertheless these expensive headphones should not break in four months time. I saw on order site that there was no restution for this product as the allotted time had expired.  The outcome of the product has really bothered me. Thus this email. I want to warm people against buying these particular set of headphones especially with the Holiday season around the corner. My grandson is almost 15 years old and is a responsible boy with expensive ???toys???. $200+ is a lot of money to end up throwing away.Bobbie Imbilli"		
1	:	"I bought these for my hubby as a graduation present since the ones he had were the wired ones. Gave it to him for graduation and he originally didn't even use them for about a month. So, about 2 months after purchasing them the cover on the ear portion began to come apart. The thread just started to unthread and now you can see the cushion part of the ear. He doesn't even use them anymore. I am very disappointed as these headphones are not cheap and this was his graduation present for getting his Masters!"		
5	:	LOVE LOVE LOVE!! These are my first pair and they sound good and look good. Happy early birthday to me!!		
1	:	"RETURNING!!!! I opened the box and the first thing I noticed was that the headphone case was cheap. I own a pair of the Solo 2 and the case is nice soft material. This feels like a cheap backpack from the dollar store. The biggest problem was the Bluetooth. I would connect to my phone and after only 5 seconds it would disconnect every time, even when I stayed close to my phone it still disconnected within seconds, after trying over 10 times, with 4/5 battery life. I am very disappointed in the company who sent me this junk. Never buying from these people again. Buy from Best Buy. I just saw that they are $10 cheaper, and more trust worthy, straight from the store. 1/10, 0/10 if I could. Buyers Beware!!!!!"		
3	:	"Audio quality is amazing and the design is, of course, slick. However this is the second time I've made a Beats purchase, and I've decided I won't be purchasing anymore of their products. Maybe it's because I use headphones so much, but with both products, they lasted less than half a year before something went wrong. In this case, the cushion was coming apart, and I was having trouble connecting with my laptop several times. Sometimes it would disconnect out of the blue and I would have to restart my laptop to get it to connect again. They weren't very comfortable on my ears either, so I think I'd prefer an over-the-ear headphones because this one squishes down on mine. It's a shame because the audio really is amazing! And I love the design and color, but for this price, it's not worth buying, at least not for me."		
5	:	"I had the Beats Studio Wireless before I got these Beats Solo 3.  The reason I got these was because of the Apple chip inside of them that makes it easy to connect them to your Apple products.  Let me just say, connecting has never been easier.  It just pops up and your connected.  Done.  Other than that, they look and sound great.  They sound just as good as the Studios but I like how they are smaller.  They do wear on your ears and the top of your head after a couple of hours of use.  You'll need a little bit of a break.  However, I enjoy these more than my Beats Studio Wireless head phones.  The gold color looks just like the iPhone gold as well.  A really sleek pair.  Lastly, the battery life is unreal.  They last FOREVER.  I went a month until I had to charge them again with moderate use.  They charge very quickly too.  Battery life is not an issue with these.  If you want a great, stylish, pair of headphones that sound great pick up a pair of these.  If you have an iPhone these are a must with how flawlessly they work with the Apple devices.  Highly recommend."		
1	:	"I ordered these headphones on March 11th I got them about two weeks later. They were great for about a month and a half. However, for the last week only one side is working."		
5	:	"Item arrived on time and well packaged. This was my first ever Beats product and I absolutely love it. These headphones are much better in my opinion than either the Bose noise cancelling headphones or the Jabra headphones I have used in the past. Excellent sound with rich bass and easy to use functions. As others have mentioned these headphones do have a deep bass sound which I think is great. The re-chargebale battery is wonderful and I still have not had to charge them after a month of a fair amount of use. They even fold up to put into the little storage bag that comes with them. These headphones work particularly well with my Apple devices as there is an Apple wireless chip in them. These are great mid-range headphones for a fair price. Quite frankly, these are the best headphones I have ever had. I highly recommend them."		
5	:	"Been on the market for a while for a good set of Bluetooth headphones and these are by far the best set I've come across that are wireless and reasonably priced with excellent volume, bass and treble, and ease of use! With this type of product u really get what u pay for! At the sale price of $199 it's a great deal! I'm very picky about my music sources and sound quality and these instantly impressed me right out of the box! Highly recommend... It's worth the money...so happy I finally have my own ""Beats by Dre"" headset!??????????????? Don't sleep on these...super comfy too..can wear for hours without even noticing they're on!"		
3	:	"I keep it simple sounds good  battery life is good they are comfortable I don't like headphones that cover my entire ear cause they make my ears hot and I cant keep them on for long periods of times so there not many options out there for on ear headphones really most of them are like studio headphones and the ones that are not they are not stylish, things I don't like much are they slip off my head every time I bend  they are slippery they over price in my opinion the adjustable size looks cheap the open up just grabbing it by accident for me they are delicate headphone you got to be careful with them if you want them to last. so for me they are ok cause my options are limited and I bought this with a amazon gift card so it was more like a gift didn't use my own money."		
5	:	"These headphones are great! They are authentic and come in the original packaging. I use them mostly to study (I listen to static noise) and I wear them during my runs. They fit a little snug, but that may be because I have a large head. They feel most comfortable without my glasses and earrings.When I listen to music the sound quality is amazing. I put them on when I am cooking and it really puts me in the groove. My chef skills have definitely been enhanced following the purchase of these headphones. If you can't cook, buy Beats for some good eats!"		
2	:	"These are not made for anyone looking to seriously exercise in them. After 6 months the fake leather covering the ear pieces came off from sweat and that is even with beats protectors on. It???s now June 2018, so they two month out of the one year warranty and they simply snapped in half when I was taking them off at the gym. I keep them in a hard shell case, not rough on them. They simply feel apart from exposure to sweat during workouts. I???m very VERY disappointed"		
5	:	"Beats Solo3 is not the best audio out there, but the crazy thing is that I find myself wearing them more often than another $500 pair of headphones that I have just because they are so convenient and easy. They fold up small and are easy to carry in a backpack, holding up well to pretty tough treatment. The battery lasts forever and if it does die, you can get a whole study session of juice for like 5 minutes of charging. Connecting to my MacBook, iPhone, or iPad is so easy using the M1 chip and the syncing of settings through iCloud that it makes connecting other bluetooth devices seem super cumbersome: Just turn the Solo3 and choose it from your list of devices (no need to disconnect from one device before connecting to the next). And finally, they look good and are very comfortable.So even though they aren't the best headphones I own, they end up being the ones I use the most because of how convenient, tough, long-lasting, and easy they are. Even though I said the sound isn't the best, the sound is great. The only time that I can discern that they are inferior is head-to-head, and even then, for some types of music these are preferred. They are certainly tuned to handle bass quite well, but they aren't overly bass-heavy as some other reviews indicate. So the sound is more than passable, quite good, and even superior for some music."		
1	:	"These cheats are crap, the faux leather peeled and my kids can't wear them, theres no way to fix them as the plastic leather wont stay in place, my kids are dissapointed and Im out big money for headphones."		
1	:	"I would give 0 stars if I could!!! This is not an original product, and I am truly embarrassed because this was a gift  and when my husband unpack them these look cheap, I'm uploading pictures, these have no brand and may weight a half of they are supposed to. The sound is awful!! I would like to throw them in the garbage, please do not buy them! Don't waste your money !!"		
3	:	"I waited a year to post a review as I wanted to see if they would last. Yes the sound is great. Yes the noise reduction is wonderful, but if they only last a year, they are not worth the price! I've seen comment after comment from Beats owners that after a year or less couldn't hear sound from one side. To have them repaired is $129. There are you tube videos showing you how to tear apart the faltering side and pull wires, solder and put it back together, but if you don't have the skill set, you're stuck with Beats that only have sound in one ear. Get a less expensive pair of headphones. You'll be so much happier if they break and you are not out $229"		
5	:	"So I have had these bad boys for about 2 weeks now. Let me tell you they work great! They came in the mail brand new sealed with all the cords and case. These have been used for gym workouts and casual listening. They do become slippery when working out hard, so I would not recommend running with these.  I was skeptical at first but I have bad no issues so far. Make sure to buy a hard case as well to keep them safe!! Stand by for a later update!UPDATE:Going on 2 months now and they are still running strong. I used them mainly for workouts, running, and plane rides. No issues that I can detect. These are worth the money!"		
5	:	"I was hesitant to spend so much money on a pair of headphones. I've always just used the headphones that came with my iPhone. Now that the iPhone 7 doesn't have a headphone jack in the phone, I've been looking for wireless ones so I wouldn't have to search for the little adapter. After listening to music with these headphones I realized what a difference quality headphones make. I got the glossy white and they are really pretty (which is a weird thing to say about headphones.) I'm really glad I made the investment :)"		
5	:	The sound quality is fabulous. I purchased these for my husband after he kept taking mine! The most impressive feature is that they work great on your phone. I talk to clients using my beats each day and they work perfectly. Clients comment on how well they can hear me AND I can hear them crystal clear. Not only that but they are extremely comfortable whether using at the gym or for work.https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01LWWY3E2/ref=as_li_qf_sp_asin_il_tl?ie=UTF8&tag=letmkno-20&camp=1789&creative=9325&linkCode=as2&creativeASIN=B01LWWY3E2&linkId=8a72bd893523e5a06d944e3fe9357527		
1	:	The product is of poor quality. I was trying to fold the ear pieces and the band just snapped. i would expect these to be of much more higher quality than this. Very disappointed.		
4	:	"Let me start with a couple things. 1) my phone that I use these headphones with is a galaxy note 8. 2) this is my first purchase of any set of headphones that cost more than 40 dollars so high end by my standards.With that out of the way these are not all I was expecting for such a highly known brand. I have a pair of in ear wireless headphones with what seem to me about the same sound quality and for a tenth of the price. (They are 20 bucks). These are significantly better at noise cancelling which I can appreciate. However some things I have problems with besides the quality of sound is they are tolerable to wear for a period of time with glasses but after that period they can start causing a headache and just be extremely uncomfortable. With that said they do hold secure to my head and don't really move unless I'm moving my head a lot. I've been using them on and off for 3 days now and still haven't charged them (and they came with only a half charge at that) which is incredible to me. The other problem I have is it is extremely catered to Apple I believe. When in Bluetooth mode I had a difficult time connecting even with instructions, the volume up and down/ play pause button is a hit and miss whether it wants to work or not, and trying to go back a song does not work at all. It usually just skips 3 or 4 songs ahead. When it is connected via the wire the button on the wire is useless unless I need to pause and play. The volume buttons do not work and i cannot skip or go back songs. The final problem  I had is the case. It is very limited in space which I can appreciate for on the go and packing in my backpack. However getting them into it's case can be much harder than is required.With that being said, I do actually like these headphones and will keep them. They are a good pair of headphones. The negatives I've included have primarily been the biggest problems that I've run into."		
5	:	"As you can see I have a variety of different pairs and these are the best sounding, most comfortable pair I own. Synced easily with my iPhone, and work perfect with my Series 1 Apple Watch music controller. I wasn't worried about the sync being an issue. They are so comfy even with my 3/4 size gauges, with them being metal it doesn't push them into my neck like some headsets do. They don't slip around either. They cover my entire ear and make a nice ""seal"" I guess you could say. Literally if they are turned up even to half the max volume I can't hear anything around me. Definitely would recommend them to anyone. I got them when they were $179 had some gift cards and such so I got a great deal on them, Amazon definitely has the best prices on these keep and eye on it if you aren't looking to drop the $300.*Update* - Fell asleep with them on, never did that before with another headset lol."		
1	:	I believe these are the real thing and the packaging was perfect. They paired up perfect to my ipod but I don't know if they were defective but the volume is pathetic even at full volume... I can barely hear the music but I can hear everything else! Kinda bummed because I had heard some great things about them. They're beautiful and well made but my cheap wire earbuds that I was replacing blow them away... I'm glad I kept my cheap earbuds.Now I'll go to maybe a Bluetooth earbud or wire system... Just something that has volume so I don't hear all the noise going on when I workout. Just want to hear the music and not what the people next to me are saying.  So if you want volume and music when you're working out... You don't want these.		
5	:	"I love these headphones. I lift with them or ride my bike (not always safe, since they are noise cancelling). I love the ability of being able to zone out and listen to music.They also bring a wire in case your rechargeable battery runs out of juice."		
3	:	"The reason I wanted to purchase these headphones was mostly for the wireless capability. Up until recently I was using an old pair of beats that I had purchased 4 years ago. They weren't wireless, BUT they had amazing sound quality and I always used these for creating music in the studio.Recently, I decided to give away my old pair in hopes that these new wireless headphones would give me a similar experience. I have been slightly disappointed.The pros? The battery life on these things are AWESOME. The downfall of my old beats were that they wouldn't last a long plane ride or a trip in the car without needing to be charged. I've charged these new ones once since I've had them and they've lasted me days at a time. I also enjoy the juice boost you get when you charge it for ten minutes and it'll last you up to three hours.Another pro is connectivity. I love how easy it is to just turn on the headphones and go. I recently purchased apple airpods  and although those have been nice, sometimes they are a pain in the ass to calibrate via Bluetooth when I want to use them. You literally just turn on these beats headphones and press play.Okay now to the cons - I bought these because my old ones were super big on my head and hurt my ears if I wore them for more than an hour or so. I bought these because they're smaller and looked like they'd fit better on my head and would sit on my ears, instead of over them. I'm sad to say they're still just as uncomfortable as my other pair. Wearing them for more than an hour at a time will have my ears stinging.I took a big L when it comes to sound quality. If you're just an everyday user, not too specific about the details of your sound when you're listening to music, these will do. If you're like me - a musician who A. spends a lot of time making music and B. is just picky about headphones in general - then these are not the headphones you want. The sound quality is OK - but my older beats definitely had a lot more bass and sound clarity/quality.Overall, these headphones aren't bad quality for the price. They've got some really good features that make them stand out from other brands. But when it comes to sound quality, I definitely think there are better sets of headphones out there and I would be willing to spend a bit more money for better sound quality."		
1	:	"Like many others, I read the reviews of all products and filter out the reviews I feel are retaliatory or based on a shipping/seller problem verses a product issue. BUT, in this case my biggest and only issue with the Beats Solo3 is the product! It's made from cheap materials and not as impressive as the marketing campaign that launched the Beats brand.  They are made of flimsy plastic, the ear cushions are made of foam and pleather that becomes oily, have fit issues, fiction and performance problems and the additional heat they generate around your ears is astonishing (maybe i should use these while snowboarding)! I've had mine for 5 months and shocked on how many issues I've had so far. Some background, I buy A LOT of items through Amazon and other retailers (some people might say I have a problem, I say I have my PhD) and this one of the worst purchases I've made! Issues I've experienced so far include; won't charge, won't turn on, won't turn off, Bluetooth not connecting to an iPhone or the car, pleather ear covering ripped on the left ear, plastic sleeve housing left speaker broke and now held together with rubber bands (about to upgrade them to electrical tape though ????????) now the entire left ear housing has broken and will also get the electrical tape treatment.  DO NOT waste your money or PLEASE go into a store so you can see them for yourselves and you'll be prepared for what your getting. I wish I could still return mine......procrastination gets you every time!!!*First time I've been truly let down by a product and by Amazon for carrying and charging a premium for a overly hyped, celebrity endorsed, lackluster product."		
5	:	"I used to have the Solo 2 wired beats and, after many cable replacements, I figured an upgrade to the wireless would be my solution. After nearly a year without beats, considering my stubborn self didn't want to pay for yet another replacement cable, getting back to these was like heaven. They sound absolutely amazing, providing a wide range and and depth in the music. I barely put them up past half the volume and am just stunned by the quality. Even though the Solo 2 were already fantastic, they truly outdid themselves on the Solo 3.My only issue, which I'm unsure if it's an issue for everyone or just me, is that the clip for the bag and accessories was rather loose and did not close correctly. This caused me to lose all of my accessories and the bag. Luckily I had been wearing the beats at the time so I didn't lose those but I was incredibly upset that I could have and did lose some stuff. However, Amazon support was great and solved the problem quickly.All in all, I really love these headphones so much. They have a great feel and sound and the ability to go cordless is such a fantastic feeling."		
5	:	"I love, love, love my beats headphones!! I hesitated to buy them for two years because of the cost and not being sure if the price would be worth the gabble of investing in a pair. Thanks to others reviews I finally decided to go for it and all I can say is I wish I hadn???t waited so long!They fit so comfortably and they don???t fall off or slide during my workouts. I lift, run, and even jump rope with them on and they stay put! Tip: they fit even better when I wear a workout hat/cap to exercise cuz it really keeps them even more snug. I sweat a lot during my workouts, especially when I run outdoors or do cardio so I recommend drying them with a towel after each workout to help with moisture.My new Beats have made my workouts SO much more fun and energizing, and no more stupid earphone cords crampin my workouts. The sound is awesome!????????"		
5	:	"These headphones did not disappoint. There is not one bad thing I can say about them. Great quality. Great sound. I had no problem pairing them to my iPhone and MacBook. And yes, THEY ARE AUTHENTIC. I would suggest avoiding buying them from third party sellers, I believe that is why some people are receiving knockoffs. I would also suggest avoiding buying used Beats. Buy them new if you want to be sure you receive the authentic ones. For some reason the (white and gold) Beats were $30 cheaper when I bought them... they went up in price the day after I purchased them. If you happen to see them for a great deal, don't hesitate to buy them. If you're still worried about getting a knockoff, you can always price match at Best Buy."		
4	:	"ProsAmazing 40-hour battery lifeGood, clear sound on iphone7 from all audio sources (music & other audio playback apps such as YouTube)Decent call quality for user and caller (unsure of performance in noisy backgrounds or windy conditions)Good volume range for audio playback and phone callsDecent noise canceling ability without integration of electronic noise canceling technology (I think ear cups are manually designed for optimum noise canceling)Cord with high-quality mic provided with headsetUSB charging fcable included (able to use iPhone wall charger or other compatible USB wall charger to charge headset as well as charging from connection to PC)Only 2 hours charging time for full battery lifeComfortable ear cup paddingHeadset controls not flimsy and easy to operateUnbroken long-range Bluetooth connectivity using iphone7Steller support for software updates, Bluetooth connectivity, and support questions (Beats products are owned and supported by Apple company)Easy setup and installation with iphone7 (unsure of performance with Mac or Windows PC)ConsSome notable trouble using headset to answer mobile calls as well as soft phone calls (skype, what's app, etc.)Very tight fit (tight squeeze on head causing frequent headaches, though diminished a slight bit after frequent use)No voice feedback when operating controls (battery life can only be determined by viewing indicator LEDS; troublesome for blind user)Strangely, no headset battery indicator on iphone7 status bar (many other bluetooth headsets show battery status next to Bluetooth indicator on iPhone status bar)Well, as you can see, I've experienced a mixed bag of positive and negatives in using this headset. Here are some additional observations based on my experience.* Though I'm not an experienced audiofile, the bass seems full without distorting other sounds. I experienced enjoyable audio quality when watching TV apps, youtube videos, and listening to music.* My main purpose for trying this headset was for phone call quality by comparing them with the Plantronics Voyager 8200 series. I did experience fairly clear feedback from callers when using the headset, but callers sometimes reported a bit of distortion from my end but it was only slight. Additionally, I had frequent occurrences where, after receiving a call, I could not answer with the headset when trying to use them to answer the call. Instead, the call was routed to the iPhone itself and I had to manually route the call to the headset.An Interesting Experience to NoteHowever, the strangest anomaly occurred when using this headset. From reading reviews and talking with Apple support, I was told, definitively, that this headset does not have a built-in mic when being used wirelessly (accompanying cord does have built-in mic). However, I successfully used the headset using Bluetooth connection (not with cord) and callers could hear me with no trouble. So, I reasoned that if this Beats headset doesn't have a built-in mic, then my iphone7's mic is being used to communicate with callers. However, after moving over 100ft. from my iPhone, the callers could hear me as clearly as when I was less than 5ft. away from the iPhone. So, I really don't know how my voice is being transmitted to callers when I'm communicating wirelessly with this headset. hmmm!* In addition to trouble in answering calls with this headset, my main beef with this Beats product is the really tight squeeze on my head. Unfortunately, this tightness was quite uncomfortable to the point where I dealt with several headaches. Though I've only had these for 3 weeks, the discomfort has only diminished slightly.Frankly, because I find the Plantronics Voyager 8200 series to have superior call quality on both ends and to be much more comfortable than these, I will most likely return this headset though it consists of many good features such  as seamless connectivity with the iPhone and amazingly high battery life."		
3	:	"I???m primarily comparing the beats I own to monster headphones I purchased at sharper image. The monster put the beats to shame in sound quality, the quality of materials is equivalent, whereas the beats win in terms of battery.Here is the problem; why in the world would beats be so popular if their sound quality lacks severely? My answer: Dre, and the fact that they are just cool and come in rose gold (in my case). The battery typically does last a Day, which I gotta say I love. The fact that they auto pair nicely with my phone is great too. I would recommend over-ear beats if you just have to spend the money tho, on ears do get uncomfortable. If I could do it over again, I would have lefts these overpriced headphones on the shelf."		
5	:	"Love these headphones.  Great sound and easy to connect.  Battery life is also exceptional.  After having to replace many cheaper brands after a few months, I decided to test out these.  I have had them only a month so I cannot speak to longevity but will update if that is a problem.  I did notice that, with the first two usages, my phone dropped the bluetooth connect after about one hour (mistakenly thought the battery died) but that has not since happened."		
5	:	"I purchased the Beats for my daughter and she loves them.  This is the second set of Solo3's I've purchased for her.  The left speaker failed on each pair.  I've done research on the internet and learned that Beats has a problem with the left speaker failing due to a small wire being pinched during production.  Unknown if this is the problem with the Beats I've purchased.  The second pair I sent back for repair and am still waiting for them to be returned.  Apple/Beats needs to address this problem immediately.  Amazon has been great with their fast response to assisting us with sending them back for repair, however we were told ten days.  It's been longer than that.  Thanks"		
4	:	"I bought these as a replacement my cheap $25 bluetooth headphones. What a world of difference. Every genre of music sounds fantastic. They are a bit heavy but you get used to the weight. The controls are on the side of the headphones and are easy to use. They pair very easily with Apple products and even with Android products. I found there was a bit of delay with the signal for Kindle HD 10 but I had that same problem with my old headphones. However, the trouble didn't last long. I wore the headphones on a long 2 mile walk and although my ears got warm they did not sweat profusely. I wouldn't use them for a hard workout though. I wish the ear cups were a bit bigger because while I was walking there was a bit of pressure on my ears. They are great for sitting at home and even some light housework. The range is decent but the signal will start to break up around 500 feet away. I would recommend an arm band for your phone or mp3 device if you would like to walk around the house with them and still have good signal. They reduce a lot of exterior noise so they could be good on an airplane or library."		
5	:	"Amazing headphones, I use them to do transcription and I am able to hear every single word without the strain or difficulties I had with previous headphones. The color is gorgeous and I love that it came with a case, cords and even a clip to put on the bag for when I'm traveling. The soft inner cushions for the ears are superb and very comfortable. I was worried that the white would be difficult to keep clean or would not look good but once I received them I saw that this would not be an issue. Controls on the headset are very easy to use, quick to connect to computer, laptop or cell phone and the sound quality is superb. I am very pleased with these amazing head phones and they truly are worth the splurge."		
4	:	"These headphones have decent sound quality for 1) bluetooth and 2) casual listening. They are on-the-ear style that come with a 3.5mm cable (for plug-in listening and full audio quality), a nifty carrying case. What I enjoy, however, is the pairing with Apple devices via their W2 chip. I recommend these for people with Apple devices (particularly if you have more than one). If you aren't an Apple user or have a mixed ecosystem, check out Sennheiser's HD series for better options.As they are ""on-the-ear"" phones, you may experience fatigue after several hours. By that point, giving your ears a break (for any headphones) for a few minutes will be helpful."		
4	:	"I really enjoy the convenience of these wireless headphones. They're easy to use and fit comfortably over my ears. They're not too heavy, which I was concerned about because I plan to run in them, and the collapsible arms are helpful for storage. In terms of sound quality, I don't feel that they're especially better than other good quality headphones, but they're good. The sound quality certainly isn't compromised at all.  Whether intentional or not, they do have some noise cancellation effect also which I appreciate. Overall, pleased with my purchase."		
5	:	"Love these headphones, we will buy another Beats Solo3 next month after we save up. A bit spendy as compared to Sony 950 set that we returned last week, but absolutely night and day difference in sound quality. The Sony set had superb bass, but there was a trade off as treble and midrange suffered quite a bit (lacking).  These Solo3 have a very balanced and deep bass, as well as detailed midrange and treble. Probably the treble was a tiny bit lacking, but full treble can be harsh I have found. I was thinking my Planetronics Backbeat did better with overall sound but after listening to them again to compare, I found the Solo3 has the mid and highs covered better as it takes the ""harshness"" out of a lot of it.  Kind of cuts off the harshness of not only the treble and mids, but also the bass . No overpowering bass, but totally enough to make me happy .  Listen to a lot of dubstep, and these are very pleasant sounding with that genre of music !!Folding them up to put in the carry case didn't feel like I was going to break them, which I was worried about before I purchased. For the price they can not be beat, very happy (oh did I say that already) ? lol"		
2	:	"One of my Best Buy???s (5 stars)UPDATE- My Beats broke within a couple months internally when I just unfolded them like normal and one side doenst produce sound. I am very dissapointed because I love these things, but for $300 and they break within a year and cost half the price to repair, I reccomend to get a pair of B&o's or Bose headphone cause the sound quality is way better. If you just follow mainstream in tech, youll probably considering getting a pair of these, but they are only ok sound quality for $300 and are like getting Supreme, you get it because it has that ""b"" and ""Beats"" on it."		
5	:	"As a senior citizen (69yrs) I don't like ear buds.  This was everything I wanted & more.  I love the rose gold color & the sound was phenomenal!!!  Unfortunately, on Feb. 4, 2018  our house burned down;  we lost everything except the clothes we had on.  Now I'm looking to replace some of the things I lost.  This is first on my list."		
2	:	"Recently purchased these and have owned them for about a month. Love them and the sound quality for the most part; however, the left half of the headphones have completely blown out without warning, so now only the right side is producing sound. Very disappointed in the quality of these for the price that was paid for them. Who wants to listen to music with only sound going into one ear?"		
4	:	"I'm not going to delve into the subjective territory of sound quality. I will say that the sound is rich and performs better than expected (especially given Beats' history of emphasizing bass). The battery life is stellar and Bluetooth connection has been impeccable with amazing range and only rare hiccups. My one complaint is that it is a snug fit on my ears: after 1-2 hours, they actually start to hurt my ears a little."		
4	:	"My nephews wanted these, and they love them. They sound okay to me, but I'd honestly look elsewhere if you want a high-quality, comfortable pair of headphones.The bluetooth and battery life are the real pluses on these. The battery lasts forever, they charge pretty quickly, and the bluetooth has a really good range. The sound tends to be a bit bass-heavy and possibly muddy, and I don't know how comfortable they would be over a long session. I tried them out only for a few minutes and could only go off of my immediate impressions.Depending on your genre preferences, these may be suitable. For me, I would look elsewhere."		
5	:	"This is my second pair of Beats Headphones my first wireless version.  They are perfect!! I fly all over the US almost every week.  They connect to my ipad and phone effortlessly.  The sound is rich and you can hear everything.  Even thought they are not touted as ""noise cancelling headphones"" I find that they do a very good job at keeping the airplane noises to a minimum. I recommend these headphones."		
5	:	"Great sound, comfortable headphones and great price! All wireless! Great color and was waiting to get these when I could afford it, but these are $110 less than I have seen elsewhere so became my birthday present to myself! Convenient with a carry case. I would have made the zipper on the carry case open wider, but that is my only complaint. Even has a carabiner to snap it on something for safe traveling."		
5	:	"These earphones are wonderful! Bought them for my husband for fathers day, they arrived perfectly in time. He looooves them. They???re easy to connect via blutooth to his phone, ipad and our TV. Battery lasts hours so they last a day-long trip. They???re great at cancelling outside noises so he can listen to an audiobook on a plane without getting interrupted, away from the hubbub. They are pricy but quality is beyond expected. This is the first paur of beats we buy but probably won???t be the last."		
1	:	"After having them over a year, the sound went out in the right side. Pretty stupid bc I bought them when they were $225 and I figured this was an investment That I would use for a very long time. I also used them maybe 3 days and week for no more than an hour. They should have lasted longer. I would have been happy if they lasted at least 3 years."		
2	:	"Really disappointed. When my wife first used these, running outdoors, they only lasted 5 minutes then shut down.  She fully charged and tried again and once again, they stopped working after 5 minutes.  Amazon replaced and the new pair is doing the same thing.  I thought I was buying top-of-the-line equipment.  By the way, the sound is good until they shut down.  Honestly, I wouldn't buy these if you live up north where the outdoor temperature falls below 32 degrees."		
5	:	"Birthday present for my 15 year old, he absolutely loves them. I tried them myself and the sound quality is amazing. Couple of quick points:1. do not have the audio cable plugged in when trying to turn on or setup Bluetooth. The cable needs to be left out in order to do that.2. if you do use the audio cable, the 90 degree elbow end goes into the audio device and the straight end goes into the headphones. otherwise you will only get sound out of one side.We had a couple issues initially, but that is only because we didn't follow the above two points. After figuring those out, the headphones work great. Great sound and decent comfort. Easy to setup."		
2	:	"I reeeeeally wanted to like this. I have another brand already and heard my sister's Beat. I decided to get myself one. The sound quality does not justify the price. It is not far from the $37.00 wireless unit I have, but fine I was going to keep it anyways. Then the biggest obstacle was the functionality. On my headphones, I can easily maneuver back, forth and sound up and down. The Beats did not seem to have the feature. Nothing other than power on and off. I am rather computer savvy but could not make it work. Back to the MPOW unit. It functions better for me."		
3	:	"The reason why I'm giving 3 stars is because the Apple support is great and they are arranging to give me a repaired unit soon, the sound quality is really good as well, and the battery life is crazy long.I have used these headphone really not even 6 months of regular usage, I have not really over used them, I mainly had them on the pouch, but still, in less than a year they ended up looking like in the pictures below.I am not sure at this point if this was faulty unit from the manufacturer or who knows what.I never dropped the headphones, never use them while on the gym, to be in contact with water, but still.The product on the sound aspect, has an amazing texture of base, lows, it really makes you immerse on the sound itself, I just wish this wouldn't happen. Hope this helps, as many other experiences might not be the same as mine."		
4	:	"I take care of all the electronics I own. I've gone through maybe ten or fifteen pairs of earbuds so far. These beats aren't those earbuds, and they aren't like many headsetsThis is a stupidly comfortable over ear headset with the sound and design to match its Apple product cost. It has lasted me seven months without any sign of trouble. It is sturdy, easily collapsible, and a fast charge for the one or two week charge you could get out of it, even with playing music everyday. Its bluetooth connection is crystal clear and easy to configure most of the time.However, I am a six foot adult male with a big head. I should've gone with the Beats Studio 3 since its a much larger design for a little bit more money. I don't even remember how I broke the bands on the sided of the headset, though I'm keeping them together via tape. The cost to repair the headset IN APPLE STORE STYLE costs as much as the headset, which is ridiculous. Thankfully, my beats are still fully functioning, and I plan on buying another headset when I have the money."		
1	:	Purchased these head phones under 2 years ago.  They are in great condition. Very little use of the past 2 years.  They stopped taking a charge months ago.  Finally got around to contacting Apple support about the issue.  The one year limited warranty did help Apple would not replace the defective Beats Solo headset.  Very disappointed with their service and not willing to stand behind their products.  Recently my son had a issue with wireless Bose headset. The covering came off due to wear.  They too were about 2 years old and out of warranty.  Bose support send him a shipping label and replaced the headset free of charge.  I'm a Bose customer for life. Rethinking buying another Apple product again.		
2	:	"Great product, until it stops working. 7 months use and no sound out of one side. Ear pads are also ripping away from frame and just look like material is crumbling.Still under warranty, so we will see the fix they offer. Will update. At this point, not worth the price we paid, wouldn't buy again."		
1	:	"These are the real deal. Once I turned on the Bluetooth on my phone the Beats Solo software automatically appeared. It seamlessly connected to my Apple Watch as well. The Matte Black comes with grey lettering on top which also indicates that it is real. The sound is nice and crisp, especially with some old school Metallica. The headphones feel extremely comfortable, sturdy and light.UPDATE: The USB BROKE IN ONE DAY. AMAZON REPRESENTATIVE INFORMED ME THAT ITEM IS REFURBISHED and NEW WHICH WAS ADVERTISED."		
5	:	"I'm a headphone enthusiast and I love these headphones.  I have Sennheiser 600HD's, amped, in ear monitors, in ear Bose headphones, and about 4 other cans.I would say these are ""Fun"".  They don't have a huge sound stage, but you can't expect a huge soundstage from on ear headphones.  They sound great for Bluetooth headphones and they feel comfortable.I originally bought these for use in the gym since I workout 6-7 days a week but honestly I sweat way too much and these only make it worse.  If you're a sweater then don't get these on ear headphones, you'll be miserable, you'd probably be better off with the in ear power beats.I give these 5 stars though because they just sound fantastic.  And they have a 40 hour battery life.  That's just wild to me.  They are the best (or should I say the funnest?) Bluetooth headphones I've tried out so far and I tried out quite a few before buying these."		
2	:	"Bought these for Christmas at the behest of my son. Overall sound quality is very good, as is the battery life. Where we ran into problems is when the right side quit working after 9 months.  A quick internet search revealed we were not alone with this issue. Apple support was initially happy to send them off for warranty service but quickly denied coverage for a small separation of the left side housing. Seemed trivial but Apple was firm. For $200 I think you can do better. First and last pair of Beats for us."		
4	:	"I will admit I am a long-time review lurker, but never actually post reviews here because I'm lazy. However, I felt as if I should give an honest review for these, as the holiday season is approaching.I'm a HUGE music guy and have had a pair of Beats and every On-Ear model since they first rolled out. My Solo 2 wired in headphones got stolen out of my luggage and I recently got the iPhone 8, so I figured it was finally time to venture into the ""Wireless"" territory. I purchased the Solo 3 Wireless Gloss Black pair back at the end of September and everything came as expected and they looked awesome.However, after 45 min at the gym and them being fully charged, they just turned off and would not power back on. I tried numerous Youtube videos of resetting them and charging them, but nothing. I chatted with an Apple associate and ended up bringing them in to the Genius Bar and even they were baffled at what was going on. I sent them in for repair and got them back a few days later and after one use the same issue occurred.I then went to the Apple store again and we looked at everything, software on my phone, the headphones, etc, and they were still baffled. I sent them in again and they sent me a new pair. This new pair worked well, but would not power off (light always flashing) and also would not charge at all. Maybe it was just the Gloss Black style? I don't know.Finally, after about a month of frustration, I sent them back to Amazon and searched forever on Amazon for a new pair of great wireless headphones (since I used gift cards to buy this), but could not find anything that had the fashion, fit and sound that I liked from my Beats.As a loyal Beats fan, I insanely purchased a new pair of the regular Black Solo 3 Wirless beats and so far everything has been working amazingly, the sound is awesome, the battery life is insane and they fit perfectly for when I'm going running.Moral of the story is these headphones are really great, but like they always say, ""third time was a charm"" and the whole process of getting there was a bit frustrating. Therefore, I caution on the side of buying any warranty on these, as all of my costs were taken care of and I didn't spend a penny extra."		
3	:	"I purchased these to finally go wireless with less ports on my work machine than before and I got to use these for about 6 months before they stopped charging completely, rendering them useless as wireless headphones.They???re very pretty, and the folding aspect with the case is clever. The wire for using them as wired is nice but, if I wanted wired headphones I wouldn???t have paid an extra $100 for these.Additionally, it???s worth noting that you should be aware of the size of your head. I wear glasses and found these very uncomfortable to wear after an hour or two because they pushed the arms of the glasses into the sides of my head. I could get around it by pushing the arms of my glasses over the ear cushion but this obviously messed with my astigmatism prescription.The charging problem is not a one-off thing. Do a web search and see that many people have needed to fix this and it involves cutting open the headphone to rewrite it yourself."		
3	:	Pros:1- looks amazing2- Loud sound3- fair bassCons:1- No Next/Previous track buttons.2- Ears get too hot at gym because of the leather. I would really prefer if they made another sport line that contains cushion instead.Concentrate on the performance & comfort. The only difference between Solo 2 & 3 is battery which doesn???t make sense		
1	:	I have had two of these. One I bought from Apple and the other was from Amazon. I tried the The Amazon one because it was about $100 less and will not hold the charge when turned off. No support from Amazon or Beats. Disappointing.		
5	:	"I kicked around the idea of buying these after I got my iPhone X, which lacks an earphone jack. At first I didn't want to spend another couple hundred dollars after I'd just spent $1200 on the phone, but I bought these on impulse while waiting for a delayed flight last weekend. I am really happy I did. I didn't read any of the reviews until after I'd made the purchase so I was concerned for....say, 30 seconds that I'd get a fake. But let me say with absolute certainty: THESE ARE REAL. I feel bad for people who ended up with knock-offs, but I got what I paid for.This is actually my second pair of Beats, since I've had the ""sport"" version for several years. No, those ones did not wear out - they're still going strong for four years now, but I got them to wear while training for marathons and running on the road where I wanted to be very aware of traffic and my surroundings. Since then, I've migrated more to lifting and wanted headphones that would block out outside noise and let me get into my zone uninterrupted. As a gal lifting by herself, the chatter from the ""bros"" on the weight floor is still a little intimidating to me but these Beats do just the trick to help me tune that out, pay attention to only what I am doing, but still have enough awareness of what's going on around me so that I'm not the rude one who looks like she can't share space and the equipment.The battery life is much longer than I expected and probably does approach 40 hrs like the product description says. They came fully charged and I first used them on a Monday and think I probably didn't actually turn them off but the battery still had juice when I picked them back up on Wednesday. They are a little heavier than I expected, but still very comfortable. I am not a musician and can't weigh in on the nuances of sound quality, but I can say that my music sounds phenomenal in these."		
5	:	"The bass is really clear and loud but not to the point where it's too hard hitting and annoying. It's perfect and it's much more balanced than previous beats. The battery life is really good too. It really lasts around 40 hours. If you only plan on the using these for an hour or 2 a day or even less you'll almost never have to charge them. I use these pretty frequently and I only charge them about every 2 weeks. The only bad thing about these headphones is the build quality. It's a bit flimsy and the ear cups aren't that comfortable after 2 or more hours. The headband isn't all that great either but it's better than a bare plastic or metal headband. If you really like bass then I think these are perfect, unless comfortability is a big factor for you."		
5	:	I am constantly wearing headphones and wanted to switch it up by getting a pair of over the ear wireless headphones. I've been looking into getting Beats for a while and was excited to try these out!1. I love the look of them! Thought I'd look hideous in over the ear wireless headphones but they're super cute and look great.2. I love the optional cord to plug into devices (not the charger). Provides a nice option if you want to use that!3. They're kind of comfy. Not the most comfortable I've ever experienced but decent. Maybe it adds to a little discomfort with the fact that I have multiple ear piercings that perhaps are a little smushed with these style of headphones.4. The sound quality is AWESOME! So great.		
2	:	"Let me first say, I love my beats. The sound is much better than the past beats headphones. But the build quality is horrible. I knew they didn???t have the best build, but the fact that I???ve had to have my solo 3???s replaced twice in less than a year is absolutely ridiculous. I take very good care of my headphones, I???m not rough with them at all. These are way too expensive for the quality you???re getting.at least apple has been helpful."		
5	:	"I was a little worried about if I would be able to use these headphones for all my gym activities, but no longer! The color is amazing, bass and sound quality are perfect, and the Bluetooth connection (including how far you can walk away from your phone) work great for me. I ran in these and they didn't even budge. People were talking about the plastic on these, but the quality seemed great to me. Nice and light as well which I can appreciate in the gym. Love these headphones."		
5	:	The first Beats Solo3 received did not work. They would not go wireless nor would they fully work while plugged in. They had many issues. Amazon immediately sent a replacement as I packaged and sent the return item. The replacement head phones were as expected and worked great! My son has enjoyed hours of listening time in the few days he has had them. The battery is amazing and he loves the sound and feel of the headphones. A definite recommend.		
5	:	"I have no complaints! Came in original box with everything as described. I???m not a headphone connoisseur and haven???t owned any others comparable to these so I can???t speak to how they measure up to others. I had been told they were of good quality so I got them, and I have enjoyed them so far. Easy to set up, and the charge lasts a long while. If you wear them for hours on end, your ears do get kind of sore, but i would expect that for any type of headphone like this. Does a pretty good job blocking out surrounding noise. We shall see if they stand up against the test of time and are worth the cost."		
1	:	I have 2 pair of these and both stopped working via bluetooth after about a year. If you google beats stop working in 1 ear you will see all kinds of reviews. Beats is part of Apple so the support is the worst. I would not waste your money. For the price these should last many many years.		
5	:	"Love my beats. Sounds great, easy to connect to my S8 phone or iPod. Battery last long. Charges fast. I use it during my train ride to work or workouts. My only regret is getting them in silver where the earpiece is white. They get dirty and you have to be careful cleaning them without damaging it. Otherwise, it's a great product."		
5	:	Expensive and WORTH EVERY PENNY!It took me a grand total of 10 seconds to connect these headphones to my iMac and my iPhone! Sound is very good. Ergonomics are excellent!  Battery life so far is exceptional!		
5	:	"I just ordered and received these headphones today (same day delivery with Prime). I'll start by saying they are authentic Beats (Fulfilled by Amazon). I purchased the protection plan just in case. That being said, i'm listening to music with these headphones as I write this review, and they are perfect.They'll be gym tested tomorrow, but based on the fit, I don't anticipate any issues. A great first impression.Build: 4 - Lightweight and sturdy constructionComfort: 5 - Snug fit...stays on my head, and they fit comfortablySound 5 - The sound is great. I'm no audio expert, but it offers deep, rich sounds"		
1	:	"As a music lover, I could not wait to purchase my first pair of Beats. Getting the most out of music has always been a big thing for me. After saving up for months, I was finally able to purchase a pair of the Beats Solo3, only to find that after a short three months, the wrapping around the earpieces had begun to detach. After paying $230+ for these earphones, I was severely disappointed on the quality. If you do decide sink this much money into these, make sure to get a warranty."		
5	:	"I love these things because they cancel out loud, obnoxious noises (like your animals whining while you're trying to focus and study for a big test). They are also very comfortable to wear. I've had on-ear headphones in the past that were so tight they gave me a headache. I could wear these all day studying if I needed to!"		
3	:	"The sound quality is amazing and the battery duration is very long lasting.I loved mine while they lasted. Now only one side works when I connect it through bluetooth. The head pad that it has is going to come off really fast after you use them for a couple of months.As people have pointed out, it's just dissapointing that you're paying a premium price and you're not quite what you expect."		
2	:	"Are my beats fake? The power light only has 1 while the other ones have 5 power lights. And also the beats that I ordered does not pair my iPhone. Take a look at these 2 photos, the first photo shows onky 1 power light flashing red and blue, while the other photo shows 5 power light flashing. What's going on?"		
5	:	"bought for 13 year old son for his birthday.  This was the best price I could find after looking around online and in local stores.  I wasn't entirely sure my son would like the gold color, but he was thrilled by them and they're much more fun than the basic black.  He's had them almost two months with lots of daily use.  I like that they come with a case to take them along with us in the car or traveling."		
1	:	"I won???t buy Beats merchandise ever again. The power button to operate the wireless function on these headphones quit working within a year and a few months of purchasing. Amazon would not stand behind a replacement.I was told to call the 800 number for Beats, and they were not helpful either.  They will not replace since the headphones are only 5 months past warranty.  They should last longer than 12 months because they are not an inexpensive pair of headphones.  Very disappointing. Don't purchase this product unless you want to lose over $200.00."		
5	:	"I love my solo 3's rose gold, they are so lit and the Bluetooth is the best part. Don't share with your friends ????????????????"		
5	:	"Beats Solo3 Wireless do not disappoint at any aspect.  Great sound, long battery life, easy to use, very comfortable, looks awesome.  We are price sensitive buyers and we would like to get our money's worth.  These headphones are a good value-for-money purchase.  We gave this as a gift to our son and he loves it!  It's really hard to get these out of his hands and I ""borrow"" them whenever I get a chance.  I am looking at getting a pair for myself, too."		
2	:	"Much, much too expensive for what you get.  My 11 yr old son insisted on these because of the brand name.  The sound quality and build quality aren't nearly as good as what you get for this price from Bose, Sennheiser or Grado.  The plastic circle behind the driver pops off every week or two because the plastic tabs holding it together don't fit tight enough.  Bluetooth connection is pretty solid to both Apple and Android devices."		
4	:	I have had these headphones for almost 2 weeks now and I love them! They are able to connect to all of my devices via bluetooth with no issues and they hold a charge for a long time. I use them for hours on end and haven't had a problem with the battery getting low or dying on me. The sound is also great. The only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is because they are a bit tight on my ears and it starts to hurt after about an hours use. I ordered the gloss black which I feared may look cheap or leave fingerprint marks but it actually looks very nice in person and doesn't get dirty easily.		
5	:	"I bought these for my boyfriend as a surprise and he absolutely loves them. I ordered the black matte color so I didn't have to worry about fingerprints and they look really slick and expensive. The sound is amazing (work out/life-changing) and they last a good amount of time - at least 3-4 days so far without having to recharge. They come with a neat little bag to carry them in that's compact and portable. Definitely worth the money, you won't regret this purchase trust me."		
1	:	"Item was listed as ???NEW???. I received it and it wasn???t sealed, had greasy finger prints all over the headset, there was a beat up LG charger to replace the original one, the case was missing, and the instructions were missing as well. Make not want to ever order a used item even though I didn???t order one this time"		
5	:	"Most expensive pair of headphones I???ve ever owned, however they are totally worth the price tag. The color is ???brick red??? but they???re actually like a dark pink. I use these at the gym and at home, they???re great for both!"		
5	:	"Bought this for my son. Who said the sound is excellent. The ear muffs ""just"" covers the ears. but this is fine watching my son who plays D1 HS Basketball he'll take this off and leave around his neck. Because the ear muffs are small it doesn't get in the way under his chin. We tested the range some bit. No problem about 30ft. away. Sound and stream was still excellent. of course you'll always have the disance limitations set forth with Bluetooth tech specifications."		
3	:	"I loved them for everything except for comfort. After less than 30 minutes, I continually had bad ear and jaw pain. I could feel my ears throbbing while wearing them. I tried moving them around and stretching them out to no success, so I'll be returning them.I'm definitely a believer in everything else about them, so I hope they make future iterations that'll work for me!"		
2	:	"I was super excited to get these headphones. After about 20 minutes of wearing them, i took them off and my ears were throbbing! They are very painful to wear. I can't get past the pain so I'll be returning these, which is unfortunate because the sound is amazing and they fit me way better then the Bose soundlink headphones."		
5	:	Super easy to sync with my iPhone and iPad.  Good quality sound for a wireless set.  The range and battery life are amazing.  I can leave my iPhone in my locker at the gym and roam the whole building during my workout without losing signal.  The only negative is that they make my ears a little warm when I wear them while exercising.		
4	:	"I didn't read the reviews before purchasing these, but after hitting the purchase button I decided to go through some and see if there was a common issue. Well, I kept seeing that people were reporting getting fakes/refurbished products. So I became alarmed. They were same day delivery so when I got home and saw the box I was nervous I was sent fakes or refurbished headphones. Well after doing thorough research and watching several youtube videos, I discovered they were in fact real. I have had them for a week now and my only complaint is that they are a bit tight over my ears where my glasses are, but I suppose that's my bad for wearing glasses. Otherwise, they hold a charge forever, my last beats (purchased new at Best Buy) only lasted maybe 6-8 hours. These can go a few days which is nice. The sound quality is good, though they are not noise cancelling. I didn't need that since I mainly use these in my office at work, and I want to be able to hear if someone knocks at my door or walks in. Overall, pretty good!"		
4	:	"These are great quality headphones. I have owned a bunch of Beats headphones in the past but this is my first wireless pair. The bluetooth function works great and they can be converted to wired headphones just by plugging in the included wire. Sound clarity is amazing along with the bass. The only issue I have with these, as with all solo's, is that after having them on your head for an extended time they will hurt your ears/ make them sore. I would opt for he studios if you can."		
5	:	Excellent fit powerful sound  I actually gave these to my daughter she wanted some wireless headphones for when she works out at the gym these have met her expectations and more they are very comfortable she said I have tried them on and they are very comfortable with that and the sound is great if you???re looking for the beat sound with the wireless capability then I would recommend these		
4	:	I was surprised by the solo 3s good sounding. Use them as workout headphones. Not worth 300 but got them on sale and they are good sounding plenty of volume not to bass heavy but got good sound and bass to them. And still using them to work out with no problems. Of course they always go back into the case.		
1	:	"Shockingly poor quality materials and subpar construction for a premium priced product from Beats (and Apple). The sound is solid - although they should get louder in my opinion - but after just a handful of months of ""light use"" they are literally falling apart. There are two places where the adhesive has worn off and the components are separating from each other. Keep in mind, I'm not some punk kid who doesn't care for his stuff, I'm a 40-year-old man who absolutely babies my electronics!"		
1	:	Would leave no stars...Bought these for Christmas for my son. Was impressed when the package arrived and they were sealed. My son opened them Christmas morning and realized they were fake!! What?!? They don???t say beats at the top and several other noticeable differences. Emailed and waiting for a response. Don???t buy!!!		
1	:	"I live in NYC, where the temperature at the the winter could be very low. For a couple of days temperature dropped down under 32 deegres Fahrenheit and I have difficulties to use my headphones outside my apartment. After 5 minutes outside, headphones switching off by themself. I can not turn them back on until, I am back to a warmer place for at least 5-10 minutes. I sent a message to Beats by Dre tech support, and I received an answer saying the optimum temperature for using this headphones is above 32 deegres Fahrenheit. So it means that I not gonna be able to use this product through the winter. On my opinion Beats shoul inform customers that they could expect difficulties using this equipment in the cold environment."		
5	:	"Was looking to upgrade from my original solo???s and I???m incredibly pleased with the Solo3???s. These headphones are so aesthetically pleasing! I got the Satin Silver color and I am so happy with how crisp they look. These are more comfortable than the original Solos and seem to be constructed in a more solid manner (I threw in a picture of my old white Solos for comparison, which might I add lasted me SEVEN years without trouble, hoping for the same longevity with the Solo3???s). The Solo3???s sound awesome and the pairing capabilities are lightining fast due to the w1 chip that allows for speedy pairing with Apple devices. I will update once I???ve had these headphones for longer to report on their durability and battery life. Extremely happy with my purchase!"		
1	:	"these are awful . at first I was really happy to get them and they looked really authentic and sounded great ! I???ve had them for almost a year now and as I was dancing and listening to my music, the right speaker stopped working . not to mention the circle part that allows you to change the volume randomly fell off on its own while I was listening to music maybe 6 months back . for 6 months I have been having it taped to my headphones just for them to end up trash all together . just save the money because these ain???t it ."		
5	:	"Have wanted an excellen pair of  Dr. Dre's Beats..especially before they became impossible to find.These DO NOT disappoint! Noise cancelling, perfect (adapts to background). Clear sound with great bass that doesn't overpower!Couldn't be happier with this product! I'll update this review if I'm not completely satisfied with my headphones!"		
5	:	"Just received the headphones today, so I'll update the review if things change.  I registered these as soon as I got them to verify they are authentic, no problem there.  The headphones are comfortable and fit perfect (I am a very small adult female and they fit perfect).  They paired easily with my iPhone and MacBook.  The sound is great, not overly ""bassy"".  Overall I am 100% happy with this purchase."		
3	:	I have tried a few different head phones but wanted blue tooth and smaller ear cup size so it didn't look weird while I listed at work. For the price I really dont notice a great sound difference from something like my BOHM headphones at a third of the price. I have glasses and these things kill my ear as they are so tight with no way to loosen them. I would have expect more out of something so pricey.		
5	:	"Great headphones. A little tight on ears at first,  once broken in amazing sound, excellent battery life, and very comfortable. I have 3 pairs of wireless headphone and these are by far my favorite. If your in the market at 200$ range, stop buy these and be happy.Also, these block out the world around you.  Not recommend for long walks on a busy road with no side walk, you will not here it coming!"		
5	:	"I've been a content user of corded, over-the-ear-headphones forever, always barely tolerating the cord getting hung up on my office chair several times a day...  I've also been a bit of a snob about the Beats brand, shunning the brand hype and the expense. Not sure what put me over the edge, but I couldn't be happier that I made the leap/cut the cord. These headphones are fantastic. Battery life is excellent - I've had them for about 2 months and the battery still is half-charged. Great bluetooth range, superb sound. I use them daily at my desk job and at home (yard work, wood working projects, etc.). The controls on the headset are slick as well."		
5	:	"The best headphones out there. Got them for my wife for Christmas and she loves them. Great deal and great quality of item. Cant beat prime with 2 day shipping. These were out of stock everywhere. Can answer calls and hang up, listen to music wireless with great quality, and charges fast."		
4	:	Great headset. Flawless pairing with all your apple devices. Legitimate 40 hours battery life and the range across our 3 level home no drops at all.  The fatal flaw is i like to walk the dog in winter; if its cold; the unit shuts off purposely at around 32 degrees and no more music for the rest of the walk; i had 2 when i realized this i returned 1. They get more comfortable with continued use; not as comfy as the bose on ear bluetooth.  Overall good purchase.		
5	:	I wear these headphones everyday to the gym and have been wearing them for a long time now. the sound quality is still amazing. the battery lasts extremely long and it charges very quick when low. one of the earphone covers just started to come undone but with the amount I have been wearing and sweating in them they still work amazing.		
4	:	Love these. The battery life on these last a reeeallly long time.  Ear cups aren???t very large so they don???t comfortably cover the whole ear.Easy Bluetooth connect. Wish you could Bluetooth phone calls as well. You need a wire (that comes with it) to speak on the phone.		
5	:	I had another pair of these that I ordered from Apple that were stolen and I was devastated because I love them so much that I ordered another pair. They are sound cancelling and comfortable sitting over the ear. I was never into bulky headphones like this before but after owning these I probably won't get anything else. I even use them when I shoot my gun because the noise cancelling is that good. I recommend them if you are considering buying them!		
5	:	"WOW! Out of this world sound! What have I been missing all these years without BEATS? I've been so cheap and only buy affordable Skull Candy headphones. I am 101% happy with my purchase, they feel comfortable and sound awesome!"		
5	:	"Durable, great battery life and comfortable. Probably not as good as a bose, but well worth the money in comparison! One thing I like is when one there is only a small light to tell you it is on. This is great on airplanes where you don't want to blind the people around you at night."		
4	:	"luv these headphones, no doubt, connect  with press of a button on iPhone, but should come on automatic without no touch!dr dre has to fix this problem! a bit pricey! well worth the sound! and also when its too hot, your ears be sweating! so i settled for smaller ear plugs!comes with a wire , in case battery goes down, but it has a great battery life!"		
5	:	"These Beats appear to be authentic. They have great sound and I love the rose gold color. It was super easy to pair them with my iPhone 7. Additionally, I selected the 1 day shipping method at 11pm and they were at my doorstep the following day at 2:15pm! I couldn???t be happier."		
4	:	I bought these headphones for my sons birthday last November. He loved them. Couldn???t be happier. About 2 weeks ago he started having trouble with the right headphone. Sometimes he could hear out of it and sometimes he couldn???t. It finally gave out. He was so sad and I was frustrated because the 12-month warranty is about to expire. I contacted the company I purchased it from on amazon and they were wonderful. Answered my email right away and they should be sending replacement headphones. I???mHoping they come before my sons birthday. He will be so excited and happy. Follow up review to follow once they send them and we receive them. :)		
5	:	"These headphones are the best!  I have only charged them once, and use them all the time, cutting the lawn, listing to movies on the ipad at night while my wife is sleeping.  They seem to last such a long time on a single charge.  Sound quality is really good and clear."		
5	:	"My 15yr old g.daughter loves her""BEATS"".l got them for her B'day. She loves her GMa too! Lol.Oh.has great sound quality.nice and compact.eventhough a nice case comes in the box with them,l purchased a ""sweet""shell case thingee.She loves that too.The BEATS are silver and the case l purchased separately is also silver.oh.also purchased from AMAZON of course!"		
5	:	"I absolutely love these headphones for my workouts. I previously had ear plugs and they were constantly coming out of my ear whenever I sweat so I would have to frequently stop my workouts to put back and readjust them in my ear which got super annoying when i'm trying to concentrate on burning some fat. I've been using these for about a week now and they are really great, i can focus on my workouts and the sound quality is totally bomb. i won't go into all the specs and technical mumbo jumbo cuz i don't know them, but if you're looking for something that stays put and has good sound quality and long battery life you can't go wrong with these."		
2	:	They were my Mother???s Day gift.I loved them.3 months later I was using them one day and I tried turning them off.They never turned off till they ran out of batteryOnce the battery ran out I tried charging them and they wouldnt charge.I???ve tried resetting them and everything apple tells me to do so far nothing???s worked:(		
5	:	"The BEST headphones I have ever owned. Im a bit of a sucker for looks and brand which people criticize a lot of Beats users for but I say screw those people because you can have both looks AND quality with Beats. I had the beats solo 2 wireless and I cant begin to tell you what a step up the Solo 3's are. The battery life is seriously unbelievable. I use them ranging from 3-4 hours a day and sometimes up to 6 hours (I use them for work) and the battery lasts WEEKS its seriously incredible. When the battery gets low ill charge for 5 minutes and it's back up to 3 dots. It's INCREDIBLE, I dont even think my old Nokia's battery lasted this long! The finish of these headphones is about the same as the Solo 2's except for the gorgeous shiny rose gold accents as opposed to the fully matte finish of the Solo 2's. These headphones look amazing, sound even better, and the battery lasts a ridiculously long time. The price tag is hefty but as someone who uses these every day for work they were worth every penny.I've noticed some people complaining about the same issue the Solo 2's had. It's uncomfortable to use them for an extended period of time because they are tight. Yes, at first they ARE pretty tight on your skull and are unbearable for over 2 hours. However, over time they DO stretch out and guys this happens to most On-Ear headphones. If you have very large ears I would recommend getting the Studios since they are OVER ear. If you want to speed out the stretch out process just stretch them out over something about the same size as your head and leave them overnight. Repeat this until they are comfy although dont stretch them too much or they will fall easily. I use these now for up to 6 hours at a time and they are very comfy. If you have earrings you might want to take them off before prolonged use, the back of the earrings will be poking into your skull.Overall these headphones impressed me and this is coming from someone who already owned the great Solo 2's. You will not regret getting these.*I did NOT receive these for free or discounted price, I paid full price for them and this review and my opinion are MY OWN and not influenced in any way."		
1	:	"Five months and one side of the headphones goes out. The product started malfunctioning yesterday. Now, whenever I try to connect to a device wirelessly, one side is cut out. Not to mention the constant audio break up. The cord also stopped working after a month. Very disappointing. What a waste of $230!"		
3	:	I love the headphones in general but have found that after 30 minutes of use and they make my ears hurt. They push against my piercings into my cartilage to be quite sore. I have attempted to get replacement ear cushions in hopes of getting some a little bigger but if you change ear cushions then it voids warranty. They also do not offer replacement ear cushions from beats.  So in my case they have not been worth the money I spent on them. I attempted to allow my 11 year old to use them and he states it hurts his ears also. Might be just us might be a issue for others as well. I would go with the studio headphones if you getting them over the ear.		
2	:	"Good quality sound, looks nice, but cheap quality. However the first one I got malfunctioned with virtually no physical damage. I got a replacement. However the replacement broke a few months later again with no physical damage. I am disappointed. The headphones don't work wirelessly under 0 degrees centigrade (32 F) so if you live in an area that gets cold in the winter expect to bring the wire."		
4	:	"They look great. If looks are your thing, grab these. If you don???t really care about looks and sound quality is your thing then you can definitely find something better for this price. That???s the biggest issue with Beats.. Price. But even then, the sound isn???t bad, just not good enough for the price."		
4	:	"I normally purchase from Best Buy, my last pair of solo 3 beats broke...after about 2 years or so. Decided to purchase a new pair, although amazon made me a bit skeptical at first... I decided to purchase a pair. Although the reviews on amazon for this product wasPretty negative. My package looks REAL, although the case for the beats solo 3 DO NOT come with white inside, at least the last pair I purchased from Best Buy did NOT have the white lining. The packaged was sealed so I???m hoping these are real and not a rip off. For now we???ll see how well these new beats are. I would of given it a 5* but like I said the case for beats looked off."		
1	:	After only 6 months there is a short and they won???t work. This is our second pair of beats. The first pair quit working just over a year old.		
1	:	"These lasted less than 3 months! Do not buy these. The quality of the product is obviously lacking. The number of people that report them breaking says a lot. For everyone that comes back and writes a negative review there are probably 10 that have problems. They work great initially, but simply do not last anywhere near long enough to merit the cost."		
3	:	"Stylish and sound great, but stopped working properly after less than a year.  One of the ears goes in and out depending on your head position.  A wire is probably a little loose on the inside.  As pricey as these are I'd expect them to be more durable after being stored in the case and only being used lightly for a year.Luckily they still had 6 days left on their one year warranty and Apple repaired them for free."		
5	:	"Great sound and are compact so they are able to fit into smaller bags when they are folded. The battery lasts pretty long, I was quite surprised. I hardly ever have to charge them and I use them almost daily for the gym. The only complaint I have is they're not comfortable when wearing with glasses. They're a big snug on the ear so they do start to hurt a little when wearing your glasses."		
2	:	If you like loud music beware. The wireless on these does not allow for loud music. I tested my regular Beats Solo with the same music and phone and the wireless just wont get as loud. I sent them back. Would rather deal with wires instead of not being able to enjoy loud music.		
5	:	"Best bluetooth headphone. Period. Quality is good but most important is you dont need to pair unpair anymore in order to connect to your phone, mac, ipad, watch. It connects to all at once and while listening music from mac if you get a call on iphone then you can just switch to iphone and vice versa. This is a great feature. When I go for jog then I just connect to my watch without unpairing. I have two and my daughter loves it as she can use between her laptop, phone and ipad."		
5	:	The sound is phenomenal!!! They have made my weightlifting better by being able to have more momentum by listening to music and I can do cardio for longer.		
5	:	Bought for my family member. She loves it. Sound is amazing and the wireless feature is a big reason I ordered this. Would recommend .		
3	:	"Great headphones for all purposes unless you plan on wearing them when the temperature drops near 32??F or below. These headphones have a wonderfully long battery life, effortless connections to I-devices, good sound and great usability. My problem, and it???s a big one, is that is impossible to use these headphones  as a wireless device when the temperature drops close to or below freezing. At that point, the headphones turn off automatically anywhere from 5 minutes to 20 minutes later depending on how cold it is. Sometimes, when the temperatures only at 32??, I can get up to 20 to 25 minutes before they turn off. I have called Apple and I have been told that this is typical for battery powered wireless headphones. I have not substantiated this statement with other brands."		
5	:	my daughter was very happy with her beats .. it was a very good choice I recommend this seller. Thank you for fulfilling everything is in very good condition and shipping was very fast thank you....mi hija quedo muy contenta con sus Beats 3  ... fue una muy buena elecci??n Recomiendo este vendedor. Gracias por cumplir con todo.. est?? en muy buenas condiciones y el env??o fue muy r??pido gracias		
5	:	I actually like these and I am the furthest thing in the world from a Beats guy. The sound is fun they actually feel good on my head. Are the worth the $300 list price? Probably not but I got mine for $200 and you could probably do better than that. I just hope they hold up. Recommended.		
5	:	"Love love love, been wanting to purchase one of these for a while, saw it in some other sites but was expensive. Beautiful, sounds great and I like the fact that it folds and comes with a little carry on case.Won???t trade it for nothing, still enjoying it and no problems so far. I think it???s the best by far."		
5	:	One of my favorite purchases on amazon. You can do no wrong; sound is crisp and loud. This is super easy to use. And so pretty! I???m really happy about this. I am not one of those technical heads that can get down to the nitty gritty on breaking down stuff		
5	:	"Okay so I didn't want to buy into the hype or look like a 20'something wearing these; however, the audio quality and the range OMG the range of these headphones is phenomenal. I got the $99 pair of AKG with my Samsung S8+ and they sound okay but God forbid you step into another room. With the Beats Solo3 Wireless On-Ear Headphones, I can walk from one end of my home to the next and even check my mail. There have been times that I forgot they were connected to my S8+ and pull out of the drive-way and they're still connected. The battery life is great and charges quickly. VERY easy to use, no extra buttons to press on accident; just volume up/down, play and pause, and power -that is all you really need. My next pair will be of a different color."		
5	:	"First I was spectical that these were even on sale because we all know Beats are overpriced for what you get.  Thank being said, since these are discounted they are definitely a great buy.  I wouldn't spend $300 on these but I will $220.  These are real and they came in the original packaging.Now for the review.  As others have noticed that Beats are very bass heavy,  I like this even though I listen to a lot of metal but to some they don't like it.  The sound populated is excellent.  There aren't any cracks or interruptions at all.  These are a very high quality SOUND headphone.  My issue isn't with the sound or the Bluetooth connectivity.These headphones, as other solos are, are built cheap.  The sound coming out is great but the design is made out of plastic and i wouldn't recommend anyone going to the gym with these.  Get the power beats if you're going to the gym.  These feel like they will break and I have a feeling they will If I drop them hard enough.  The ear cups re great leather quality and feel comfortable.  I wish they went away with the plastic and made all the models like the beats pro were.  The material in the design definitely needs work.The Bluetooth connectivity is marvelous with this W1 chip.  The range is insane.  I went outside my house and down the street and was still connected without interuption.  i don't understand everyone saying connecting is any different. Yes there's a pop up that says connect but all my other bluetooth headphones automatically connect after the initial set up anyway so I don't get this ""amaazing set up"" everyone is talking about.One more thing I would like to point out are phone calls.  The phone calls are so crystal clear.  No one can tell I'm using headphones which is hard with Bluetooth nowadays.  All around these are a great buy and I would buy them again (not for $300 of course). Sound quality is great, cal quality is great, if you can get over the plastic buy these!"		
4	:	"UPDATE: I made a phone call to Apple and they helped me to get a replacement pair of Beat Solo3. So far so good...I bought these March 7,2018 for my daughter???s 14th birthday. She loved them until May 20th, 2018 when they would no longer charge. They are no good to us now that they won???t charge, $200 wasted."		
3	:	"Sound quality (range of frequency response) wasn't what I had hoped - bass not heavy and treble not as clear as other headphones in the same price range. Tried numerous sound settings on both my iPhone and my Mac. Still, it's solidly built but would recommend getting the extended warranty. My hunch is if used by an 'active' person (hiker, runner, etc.) the combination of natural shock absorption and sweat will increase the 'age' of the product."		
5	:	"Make sure you???re buying from ship and sold by Amazon, and you???re gonna get an authentic product! I got the brad new original factory sealed Beats produced in current (2018) year, and couldn???t be much happier! Also, got a sweet deal on them???$100 cheaper than from Apple Store! Those are such a good quality, comfortable, stylish headphones with great sound, you cannot go wrong with them!"		
1	:	"These headphones were terrible! When the box arrived,  it was not completely sealed. It looked as if it had been previously opened. Also, the zipper to the carrying case that comes with it was broken. After using it only 4 times, and within the first week of owning them, the material broke away from the plastic on the right side air phones as shown in the picture. Also, the headphones plastic cracked and split open and the backing to the auxiliary device mic fell off and wouldn???t click back on.  I question the authenticity of this product. I feel like I purchased a knock off sent to me in an original box. Not happy. Returning them."		
5	:	"I'm very pleased with my purchase! Easy to connect to my Samsung S8 plus. My Beats came fully charged, and I've been using them since I took them out of the box! I've been to the gym and on public transportation! They don't necessarily block out background noise, but they're a great distraction! I am very happy! Don't think of the price! You only live once, and these headphones make life great! I definitely recommend these awesome headphones!"		
5	:	Bought these for my teenage daughter for Christmas she loves them. I did put them on and wow are they comfortable and the sound quality is great! She was amazed how far from her phone she could get and still not be disconnected. I know this is something she will use for a long time. They are a great color in the silver and the quality is great!		
5	:	My daughter hasn???t taken these off since she opened this package. The sound is perfect and the noise cancelation feature is perfect for a loud environment. Comes with optional wire just in case you forget to charge them.Great purchase and I saved a ton of money buying these on amazon instead of at the Apple store.		
5	:	You would never put these things down.bass is terrific and is totally worth the price.		
1	:	"I was happy with the headphones, but after 6 months the right side stopped working when being used in bluetooth mode.  It works completely fine if using the cable.  I did some research online and apparently others have experienced a similar situation.  Someone mentioned to try using the cable, but barely touch it to the port and that does bring both back to working, but as soon as you move it will stop working again.  For the price of this product i expected better quality that would last."		
4	:	These headphones sound amazing and look really nice. My only complaint is that they are really uncomfortable when wearing for long periods of time (especially if I???m wearing my glasses or earrings).		
4	:	My beats seem pretty legit. The box came sealed with plastic wrap . I also registered them on the Beats website and they popped right up. I returned the Rose Gold pair because I work out too much and the white material seems like it would get dirty too fast. So far I???m satisfied.		
3	:	love the headphones bought them for all my long summer flights on the planes....but the cord to plug into the TV on the plane stopped working after one use. Contacted Apple and they replaced but only had sound in one ear all the way home on a 5 hour flight. Hope the next time I use them I don't have this issue again!!		
1	:	"I have used these once, to SIT at my desk and work on a project.  I haven't used them in a while, they are fully charged and only the right ear works. I tried pairing them with a different phone, same thing.I will never buy beats again!"		
5	:	"These headphones are for those who want great sound but really also want stylish wireless headphones; especially guys as they are larger. I am sure there are better headphones but as far as looks, price, sound, they are some of the best out there and their sales and presence in gyms prove that."		
5	:	"Super great headphones ever have. Was having a wired Philips and a SONY headphone, but always felt painful on both ears because wrapping too tightly to ears.  This Beats Solo3 doesn't make such problem to me.In terms of BT/wireless,  it works wonderfully as I have many apple products and the Solo3 connects to all of them with easy set up and very good music quality.  The long durability of battery juice and long distance of reception make me thumbs up!!  I work in a lab often leave my phone on desk and walk around benches and even cross the hall way to another room.  I never get problem to receive BT signals from my iphone7. It's also easy to check battery status using iphone."		
5	:	"LOVE LOVE LOVE my Beats Solo3 headphones!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Sound is perfect, comes with protective case thats chic, and they're Rose Gold!  Gets good range as well!  I can leave my phone anywhere in my house and take my headphones all the way across the house and they'll still pick up.  Great battery life as well!"		
1	:	"I wish it were possible to give lower than one star. Ordered one day delivery and they came in 2 days late. But,when they came they were white when I ordered black. No original packaging, they were dirty, and the bluetooth said Sam's beats. I complained to customer service. So they sent me another pair which worked great for one day. Bluetooth function failed. I only bought these bc my beats studio quit working beyond their hard reset. But, all beats are junk. Would never recommend to even my worst enemy or the annoying kids in xbox live."		
4	:	"I obviously bought this pair of headphones for the appearance, and it doesn???t disappoint. But the sound is meh, and they squeeze my head like a vice grip, so I can???t say I don???t have some regrets. I wish there was a way to relax the tension on the headband so it???s not so tight."		
5	:	"Perfect! I have a pair of these that I recieved as a gift. I love them, so I bought a pair for my husband. He loves them. We use them everyday. The quality is excellent and the sound is great."		
5	:	"Bought these for the gym and office. Now find I use them everywhere. Prefer them over my Bose! And can't beat the price compared to the Bose. Very comfortable. Nice small soft-sided case included. Simple set up, easy on and off. So glad I made this purchase!"		
5	:	"I love them! they Are expensive but worth it, Mine remains charged forever and I play videos and Netflix for 8 hours in 1 day. It has a built in wireless mic. It's really useful."		
5	:	"This is my first ever time buying BEATS, and let me tell you, I am very impress not only with the quality of sound and the overall great look of the head phones, but mostly because of how much playing time you get of them this is my 3rd week of usage and I have not charge them yet, they still have low 30 %.Highly recommended product"		
5	:	We have had the older wires beats and upgraded to these. Ordered for wife who loves music and works in a loud environment. Connection was simple and battery life was great. No issues at all and they are the go to headphones by everyone at our house. No issue at all with authenticity.		
2	:	"Very disappointed that the headset is already broken - right side speaker cuts in and out or just doesn't work at all.  :(  Was searching for product support and just saw it had expired on Sept.  For the amount of $$ spent, I expected it to be more durable - especially since I take very good care of everything I own and don't throw it around or drop it."		
5	:	I bought these for my 9 year old for his birthday and we both love them. (I use them at the gym occasionally and have even run in them). The battery lasts forever and they look sharp but not too bulky. They are comfortable and the sound is very good. I like that they fold up nicely to fit in a small case that is easy to toss into a backpack or purse. I have been very happy with this purchase and I love the gold color. Not too flashy but still cool looking.		
1	:	"These have had to be sent to Apple 3 times in the last 3 months because the bluetooth keeps dropping.  I am on my third brand new pair, and the same thing happens.  I am using a iPhone 7+, and the genius bar has no idea except they keep replacing them.Avoid.  These are terrible and unreliable."		
5	:	"Just got these babies today!  So excited!  Came in about 4 bus days.  Original packaging, looks amazing.  Sound quality is amazing.  Was 92% charged when I put charger on and charged for about 10 min and they were ready to go.  I???m very satisfied!  I got the matte black,  looks classy.  These are a plus for me since those dang iphone buds don???t fit in my ear.  Love, love, love!"		
5	:	"I use these headphones for EVERYTHING. I've owned $500 studio headphones and I am perfectly happy recording with these. If you're looking for a pair of headphones you can take from the gym to the library to the studio, look no further."		
5	:	"Mine are real Beats headphones, so I don't know what the other people are talking about. Great quality sound! Also I love that these are made with a female's head shape in mind, it fits well on a smaller female's head and ears.Very comfortable too! I love the rose gold because it matches my iPhone!"		
2	:	"Not even close to good as the beat studios I have that are a few years old now. I returned these and got my money back because you expect a certain quality when purchasing beats per say. For the price, it isn't worth it. I was disappointed."		
5	:	"Came in, high quality I can really tune in and really enjoy my work out. I love that Amazon has verified and backed their products. I went online and registered my new headphones. Don't fall for the fake comments it had me second guessing my self before my purchase and now I'm glad I made it."		
5	:	I love them they are great. They have a great sound quality and are very comfortable. I was using them in a restaurant and I couldn't hear the music playing in the background. Even though they don't have electric noise canceling any background noise is hard to hear. I like how they came with a cord to use when the headphone dies. Great quality.		
2	:	Great depending on where you live.Headphones have a safety measure built in to cut the headphones off below 32*F. I live in DC....I can???t get 5 minutes out the door without them cutting off in late fall/winter. For the price point that???s unacceptable.		
4	:	"Not a knockoff.These are the best sounding pair of headphones I???ve ever owned, and the decision to purchase was not taken lightly because of the cost. Sound quality is amazing. I???m hearing lyrics I???ve never heard before.The ONLY downside to these is comfort. They???re fine if I???m wearing them for only an hour at a time, but any longer than that and my ears start to hurt because of the pressure. It almost makes me want to consider saving up for a pair of over-the-ear Studios."		
4	:	It was good. Couldn???t exceexise with them. They were kinda tight on my ears after listening with them for a while but the sound quality and durability is outstanding. Too bad someone ended up stealing them from my old job at the goodwill warehouse		
4	:	"i really wished i liked these more. i got the matte gold because of how pretty it looks and it???s true. its just that it kind of hurts my heaf after 30mins in or so. the battery charges quickly which is great and after wks of not using, it still has power. pairs easily w my iphone."		
5	:	They are so cute I love them hoping they last for a while ????????		
4	:	Ordered these last Christmas for my daughter. She LOVES them - but ear cushions are already torn from use so she can???t wear them anymore!  wish the material held up better especially for how much I paid.		
5	:	I love these headphone. I???ve bough Bears before and I loved them. So I thought I???d buy these and I wasn???t disappointed. I love that they fold nicely and they don???t take up too much space. I???m mostly going to be using these for when I travel. They replaced my old Bose headphone which are still my favorite but they aren???t wireless like there are.		
5	:	"What more do I need to say, they are Beats. They work great, I can walk across my large gym and still stay hooked up on Bluetooth. Great bass and you can???t hear anything going on outside the headphones"		
3	:	"They look great, feel great but they just arent loud enough. Im kinda disappointed. I use them at the gym and even w full volume i can still hear the lame music they play in the gym."		
5	:	"This was a gift but I got the silver/white ones for myself. Absolutely the most comfortable set of headphones I've ever used. Great isolation from outside noise (like on a plane), great sound quality and battery life. Easy pairing and use with an iPhone."		
5	:	"I like the light weight of the headset, the color which match my phone, did not know that when I ordered them, the sound is great, easy to connect and they are great for the gym.  I do recommend them to whom would like to order them.  Plus the battery last very long for use, so glad I ordered them"		
5	:	"Bought it when it was on sale for $219 and love it. Good sound and easy to use. Also it's very stable even when I'm working out or using it for a run, and I have a pretty small head as well :) We shall see how long this thing works!"		
1	:	"I bought this in July 2018 (less than months ago) and loved them until last week when I realized that they completely stopped working.  No matter how long I charge them, they will not stay powered up anymore.  I am going to complain to Amazon and to beats - be warned!!!  Very expensive item to die so quickly...."		
1	:	"Apple has a problem with the batteries in their headphones.  I've bought 4 pairs of them either for myself or as gifts and 2 of them have had the same battery failure issue.  Eventually they just stop charging.  Then you have to drive into the Apple store, wait in line, have them send them out, and drive back.  Fortunately they often get stolen before they fail.  That's about the best feature.  The sound is good when they work.  Would never buy another pair."		
5	:	"Very good headphones. Battery life is absurdly long. I think I go 3-4 weeks between charges even when I use them a couple hours a day. Sound quality is great. Clear, undistorted sound at any volume. The muffs are super soft too."		
1	:	They started falling apart after a couple of months the ear covers then 3 month one side stop working don't buy one had$30 pair last a lot longer		
5	:	Love these. The sound is so crisp and just so clear. Quality headphones.		
3	:	"I've had these for a while, and just started using them more because I'm travelling a lot more. I like them, but after an hour the ears get sore. And I have a pretty small head."		
5	:	"After several weeks of researching, comparing and reading reviews, we bought the Beats Solo3 Wireless Headphones. I originally wanted the Bose QuietComfort 35???s or the Beats Studios. I tried them on, tested them out in-store and was having a hard time deciding. I saw a pair of th Solo3???s and tried them on, (not sure how I???d feel about the on-ear versus the over-the-eat style.) I was amazed that the Solo3 sounded just as great as the Bose (in my opinion). While not offering noise canceling, I could still hear most things around me with the Bose and Beats Studios. I felt the sound quality was just as good and I could hear just as much noise with the Solo3???s as the other two with noise-canceling. So we bought two, had them for 2 weeks now and traveled with them... we are extremely happy with them and would buy them again!"		
5	:	Wife LOVES!! Me get boom boom ;)Bought her these for use at work and so far so good. Will update if these ever fail or problems develop.		
4	:	"I love everything about these headphones, except for the built-in mic. When receiving or making phone calls, the person on the other line can barely hear me because the mic picks up all surrounding sounds. Wish Beats would fix this!"		
3	:	Great product - but hurts my ears after about 30 minutes.  Too bad. I wish there were a means to adjust so that it wouldn't squeeze so tight.  Surprised QC did not address this problem before releasing what could have otherwise been a really great set of headphones.		
5	:	"This are my new favorite headphones. I have absolutely no complaints. The fact that they come with a detachable cord in case you forget to charge them is very nice (even if most phones can't use the cord anymore).Also, if you have any kind of problem with them, you get access to Apple's world class customer support. Just to be clear, there was no sarcasm in that last statement, they go above and beyond. I only wish I had purchased an iPhone..."		
5	:	"Never liked beats before, I always thought that they were overprices POS. I was wrong. The sound quality on these is incredible, they rival my sennheiser hd 598s, more bass but those are low in bass. I didn't think I'd like the on the ear design, but it's really not that bad. If I have them on for 5+ hours it begins to bother my industrial piercing but that's it. Amazing battery life, connect to my phone far better than my cheapo $30 Bluetooth earbuds from Anker. I've never experienced an issue with these headphones"		
1	:	Doesn't stay on or connected to Bluetooth turns on and off won't charge or turn on anymore		
4	:	"The sound is not audiophile quality, heavy on bass, and overall good sound quality.  But what really makes them great is the technology - the W1 chip, in combination with the iPhone 7 is a great combination.  Battery life is insane (in the almost 2 months I have them, I have charged them only twice.  Range is also insane while connectivity is a breeze.  This is the perfect wireless combination for iPhone 7, hands down."		
2	:	Amazing if using for short amount of time. Keeps sound in and noise out. Was using every day for 10-20 minutes and was fine. But then used on a 2 1/2 hour flight and my right ear was red and in pain.  Hard on the cartilage.		
1	:	This is the 3rd pair of beats I have purchased from here that has broken. The all have broke in a similar way. They all have gotten a short. This pair particularly I bought brand new and they worked for like 3 months until getting a short. I recommend not to buy them from here.		
3	:	"The Beats Solo3 is definitely better than the Solo2, but i still feel these headphones pinch my ears, which makes it a bit painful for someone who wears glasses. If I didn't wear glasses, I would probably buy it again 10/10."		
5	:	"Wow, as a consumer of all things nerdy... I???m blown away. The sound is epic.  Old songs have a new life.  I plan to sleep in these to drown out the err... night noises of my partner.  They are squishy and comfortable.  Most headphones make my ears ache after a bit.  Not these.  Even with them on and no music... noise cancelling!  (What did you say?). Ha!"		
5	:	Got these bad boys during a amazing Amazon sale. Head phones work great. Love the look of these. The sound is very good but not great (get Bose for that). Would i get these at full price? Probably not but under $200 sign me up!		
4	:	"huge bass enhancement ( you can definitely tell from side-by-side comparison with Beyerdynamic T51i ), quite a lot clamping force. can't wear it for longer than 1 hour .sound quality is decent, it's not bad imo, small sound stage due to the on-ear fact, human vocal is mushy and not as clear as other headphones within this price range.  it's a fun headphone and like it so far."		
5	:	"These are so awesome. I really wanted wireless headphones that would stay put while I was working out, and these do a beautiful job with that. So, I can work out, listen to amazing quality sound, and never re-adjust. I could get all technical and specific but I think that says it all!! They're pricey but so worth it! Added bonus, they look pretty too <3"		
4	:	The only problem I have with these headphones is the fact that I cannot wear them to the gym. They simply do not stay on if you are not sitting or standing in an upright position.		
1	:	Left side of headphones stopped working; I'd only had them for about a month. Will attempt to return but since it's past the deadline I don't know if I'll be able to do this. Over $100 down the drain......		
3	:	"You get caught on the name, and think is a great product, but are OK. A little too heavy, a few hours on your head you want to take them off. BOSE are much lighter , The sound is good, and it syncs with my iPhone easily."		
5	:	"Best headphones I own!  The sound quality is amazing.  If you're in the market for wireless over the ear headphones, these are the ones.  It also has a wire to hook them up directly to your device, if you run out of battery."		
4	:	Much cheaper units out there but bought these for the 40h battery life for 2 kids in cars/planes. So far ok. If you don???t care if you have to charge after every 10h of use I???d definitely buy cheaper/better quality made then this.		
3	:	"Great sound but a little too large for me yet too tight on my ears. Leaves my ears swollen and red after use. I think for the price, you can easily find better headphones."		
1	:	"Great sound but quality of the headphones is poor.  A few months after purchase, I had to send them back because the fabric on the headphones came apart.  All warranties go through Apple, so they sent a replacement.  Well, it recently happened AGAIN!  Apparently, they only warranty for 90 days when they send a replacement so they offered the option of buying another pair for $100.  No thanks..."		
1	:	"Bought these because they hold a charge for 40 hours of playback which is true and I'm happy to report it took almost a month of use before needing it's first charge. However, these have been charging for almost 2 days now and it still shows one light on the charging indicator. I've tried several different outlets, chargers and cords.....no luck. Furthermore I've tried to get product support twice now and no luck can't hey anyone to respond. If I get some help in happy to change this review but I'm getting impatient right now. At this point I will never but a beats product again nor will I buy  high dollar items through Amazon again if I don't get help soon."		
1	:	"I got about a years worth of use from these headphones before they started to give me some problems. First, the bluetooth function stopped working and shortly after the audio in the right ear cup stopped working as well. So now they only work with the wire and audio only comes out from the left ear cup. Id definitely recommend spending your money on a different pair of headphones."		
4	:	"I love the sound quality and the battery life.  I can go a week without charging them and I listen to them, on average, 3 hours per day.  The material is nice.  The ear cushions feel nice against my ears.  I don't know that they warrant the high price tag, though.  My biggest disappointment is the volume.  I like to get lost in my music, and although the quality of sound is great, I wish I could get a few more decibels out of em'.  I've listened to headphones half the price I paid for these that we louder."		
2	:	Purchased these in March 2017 and a couple months after the one year warranty the left earbud only works when the cord is inserted and not in wireless form. In addition the black leather detached and exposes the foam underneath.		
1	:	right side stopped working after 8 months of using them at my desk...		
5	:	"Really great price on Amazon for this.  These are going for $300+ everywhere else.  I bought them for a low price, plus an additional 15% off with an Amazon coupon."		
1	:	"have had these headphones a little over a year now. they are work headphones so i use them through the week but never travel with them or do anything with them besides sit at a desk monday through friday. the headphones are almost completely worn off and the earpieces are coming off and revealing the cheap foam underneath.. Extremely disappointing for an almost $200 pair of headphones, they absolutely should last more than a year.Don't bother with these and put the money towards a decent pair of headphones that will actually hold up. These are a total waste."		
3	:	"Good sounding headphones, just didn't like the fact they look bulky on your head, meaning they stick out really far.  They don't cover your whole ear like the Studio's do.  They are also I bit tight if you don't have a small head.  Other than that , they work well. comfortability - 3 quality of product - 7"		
1	:	I purchased these for a long international trip that was moved from January to May. When I went to use the headphones for the first time I found that there is sound in only one ear. These are defective and I am now outside of the return window.I highly recommend purchasing them elsewhere and make certain they not defective immediately.		
1	:	"Don't buy these. These are the second pair I've gotten and they both stopped working in the same way. The first pair worked for about 2 weeks then it started having issue with charging and connecting wirelessly. Amazon replaced them and after a few more weeks, the same issue has come up. Now the 2nd pair doesn't charge properly or connect wirelessly. Too much money to spend on headphones that malfunction so easily."		
3	:	"They died at the 5 month mark.  Thankfully they are well warranted and after calling Apple (yes, Apple) and waiting for a box to be deliver they have been replaced.  Hopefully these last longer this time.  But looking at the other reviews, I doubt it."		
2	:	"Ouch! Maybe just me, and maybe I have a large head, but these things were very painful after wearing for only 15 minutes.  Thankfully, I was able to return them without a hassle.  Otherwise, the sound quality was excellent."		
1	:	I order the headphones thinking they would do me justice on my deployment in Kuwait but I was wrong like way wrong. The first month they were perfect in every aspect of the word but out of nowhere one side went out and would barely work since. Two more months passed and then they just stopped working all together and since the warranty was with a 3rd party it just left me with broken headphones in the middle of my deployment. I will never buy anything like this from amazon again and amazon was my trusted source till now. So be careful what you buy and trust and believe these are trash.		
5	:	My boyfriend lost his old beats -_- he needed a new pair of headphones before our trip to the DR so he ordered these hoping they would be great even though he was skeptical of them being wireless but he loves them. No complaints. No issues.		
1	:	"Pretty disappinted. I take very good care of the headphones, and less than a year after buying them, the cover for the cable mic has come off and cannot be put back again so the cables are exposed. On top of it, the headphones can???t be paired to an iPhone 7 which makes the wireless useless."		
1	:	"They go the extra mile selling fake beats. I would recommend just buying these at best buy. The packaging and design match the authentic beats almost perfectly, with minor discrepancies. But i believe they are fake because the W1 chip it is supposed to have didnt connect to my ipad air 2 like advertised, and the comfort of these headphones werent the same as the ones i wore in store at best buy. And the sound quality was pathetic, my cheap asus laptop has better sound than these."		
3	:	"These headphones are super cute, and work well. If you're planning on using these to workout you should be aware of the pros and cons.Pros: You can put your phone down and not have to worry about dropping it.Cons: When you sweat, they slip off your head and the pads get squishy."		
5	:	"Love this product. My only issue is the bluetooth doesn't pair as well with computers that aren't Apple products. Sometimes after wearing them for an extended period of time my ears do start to ache a bit. Overall, the sound quality is great and the battery life is amazing."		
5	:	"I absolutely love these headphones! I had a pair of Beats prior to these, but as I started lifting more at the gym, I wanted to invest in a wireless pair even though my original pair could have lasted for many more years, I am sure. I am so happy I invested in another pair of Beats that met my needs; they are well worth the cost. I have already used them for a few weeks in a row and have not had to charge them once."		
4	:	"Bass: 7Mids: 7Treble: 8Overall: 7, why? because it lacks depth of sound and clarity, listening to other headphones of this price point they are less aesthetically pleasing to look at but after you get over that it's hard to get over the sound quality, it's good but not great for the price to sound ratio. really are paying for the brand here no surprise there. try SkullCandy Crusher 2 or SONY's MDR 950BT if you want a bargain for your money."		
5	:	Would never pay the $299. But I got them for 219.00!!! That's a price I can live with... I love these beats... I've had every generation and these are by far the best.		
3	:	"Well can???t really say much about this but it kind of broke after a month of using ,I don???t know if it???s apples fault or this was just not of the best quality"		
5	:	"These Headphones are terrific.  The Bluetooth range on them is exceptional and the sound quality is superb.  I purchased these and the black ones and I was extremely surprised at how well these headphones work.  The noise cancellation is great, they are really loud when turned up all the way, and they are very comfortable to wear.  I'd highly recommend them."		
5	:	"Make sure you ensure you are buying the condition you want (new/used). I bought the new ones, they are so nice. Smells like the beloved  interior of a brand new car! Easy connect with my Samsung S6 & all the controls work well (answering call with headphones, volume, etc..). Comfortable & the matte black looks nice. And of course the sound is amazing!!"		
3	:	"These sound great and bluetooth works well, but they seriously clamped my head like a vise with my glasses on. I could no longer take it and purchased another brand instead."		
5	:	"I love these headphones, I???ve had them for over a year and they still work great! I can go weeks without charging them and I work out almost everyday! Pricy but definitely worth it!"		
4	:	"Overall quality was good. I'm not a name brand hater so Im open to give all products a chance. I bought these for my kid, and he has been very happy with them. I compared them to my M50x's and the sound is ""comparable"". These are on ear so they are not the same sound ""depth"" as my over ear M50's. They do have benefits though: smaller, and wireless. I may buy them again."		
1	:	Overrated in my opinion. I've owned these for a 1 year and 3 months and they are now dead. I used these 3 times a week at the gym. For $300.00 I feel like headphones should last a couple years. The once a month charging was nice but I will not be buying any more Beats.		
1	:	Every since Apple has purchased beats this product has been garbage.  I have purchased four pairs of beats in a year.  The same issue: one speaker goes out.  This is only after 2 months.		
5	:	Great value for an awesome product. Sound is really nice. Bought it for my 11y/o year daughter. Should have bought one for me. Perfectly new condition.		
1	:	Was very very upset and disappointed with this purchase.  The color of the headphones did not match with the ones in the box. The box that it was was in looked like it had been ran through the st. And they were missing the auxiliary cord and charging cord in the box. Horrible experience never ordering from again.		
5	:	"The sound is amazing and they're so comfortable! I think these are the best headphones I've ever had.IMPORTANT NOTE: You should get a hard case to store them.Some months after the purchase, the left headphone just stopped working when connected to bluetooth, but it worked perfectly fine when I used the 3,5mm jack. Luckily, I managed to get some new ones from Apple.My guess is that storing them in the provided fabric bag harmed somehow the wiring, since the headphones barely fit in it."		
3	:	"So far so good, sounds good, and cancel noise well.  But don???t get white ear pieces!.. they stain way too easy. Wish I had purchased the colored ones."		
5	:	I love this product it is totally worth it the price.I didn???t like the fact that the sponges get bad smell. But I just discovered that it???s on sale new sponges to replace it!		
3	:	"I was excited after purchasing my Beats solo 3 wireless headphones . But l am very disappointed that after one year they broke,  and l was looking for a top quality product , so the right speaker had not sound...l took it to best buy and they told me and it was no way to fix it . After spending a lot of money it breaks down it less than 2 years."		
2	:	These headphones are trash to put it simply. The sound quality is not as good as I thought it would be. I had the original beats the they first came out and those were so much better in terms of sound and product quality. I was really excited about these but ended up very disappointed. I'm returning them for my money back. Not at all impressed.		
1	:	"Great that I received someone else's used beats... I was a little skeptical when the box was not even wrapped. When I opened it, the headphones were scratched up and the cups had earwax in them. Absolutely unlike Amazon to send used beats when they are marked as new. When I paired to the device, it already pops up as Christian's beats solo 3. So Christian, absolutely brilliant but you need to clean your ears. As if that wasn't enough, the left ear just did not work at all. Very disappointed. Save yourself the trouble, buy these at best buy for the same price."		
5	:	"Gift for a 9 yr old. First my grand daughter hugged the box, then she open them, put them on and we lost her for the rest of the entire night. LOL She was very happy with this product. Got them to match her Mommy???s. Happy camper. Sound is superb."		
5	:	These Things rock.  Very happy with my purchase.  I've had them for a couple of weeks now and have used them for probably 50 hours so far.  Would suggest these to everyone!		
5	:	"I wasn't sure what to expect with these, given that Bluetooth can be spotty, but wow!.  Super impressed with these. Pair easily, comfortable, good sound. I never used to bring headphones to work,  but now  I won't leave the house without them.  Great for blocking out some of the noise on the train or co-workers at the office. I also have apple air pods but I think I like these better because they block some ambient noise.  Only downside is the size does fill my purse a bit."		
5	:	"THE best piece of personal audio equipment I have ever owned.  The W1 chip and the flat-frequency response pave way to long distance connectivity and BEAUTIFUL sound.  They are expensive...if you can swallow the price, you won;t have any buyer's remorse.  Simple incredible."		
5	:	Got them for my girlfriend for her birthday and she loves them! They look and sound great! Might even have to buy a pair for my self! Definitely recommend!		
1	:	"After 1 month of having my first pair, the battery stopped charging. When I tried to charge them, no light would light up and when trying to turn them on a red light would blink. Since they were still under warranty I returned them and they gave me new pair. About 13 months later (right when the warranty expired), the battery stopped charging again. When I went to Apple to get them fixed they were going to charge me $126!!! Save yourself from some trouble and just buy another brand."		
1	:	"As much as these headphones cost, you would think they would be more sturdy. First the covers on the cushions started coming off.  Then they stopped working.  Waist of over $220!"		
5	:	"These are great!The wireless function does peter out in very cold weather - so if you plan to be walking around in cold weather you may be disappointed. That's a definite thing. Happened to me once, but I don't make it a habit to be outside in cold weather. Aside from that, like I said - Great! Particularly the battery life!"		
3	:	"I was SO excited to get these, especially because they are so much more affordable than other stores. I purchased the rose gold ones and they are so pretty! I do have a few negatives, though. When I took them out of the packaging they had a small skuff on it. Over ~2 weeks of use the white cushion of the headphones are already dirty from either makeup or normal dust/dirt. I am not sure how to clean it, as I don't want to crack the cushion.As far as sound goes, I can't hear my co-workers when I am in the office, or other commuters on the transit so they are an A++ for me :)Overall, for the price you can't beat it. But it does make me wonder if these are refurbished?"		
5	:	"Welp, I did not want to spend the money. Purchased as a Birthday present. Needless to say no complaints. Hooked up within seconds. If I can keep a kid happy, I am happy mom."		
5	:	Had them a few weeks now. Could not be happier. I was apprehensive about buying them as I???ve never had really nice headphones before but they???re a fantastic product. Easy pairing. Great sound quality. Not noice cancelling but very good sound quality & overeat gives all I need in this department.  Super long battery life. Comfortable. The case is sleek & provides good protection.		
4	:	I'm loving these wireless headphones!  Audiophiles complain about the sound quality but it sounds good to me and I listen to classical (think booming Wagner) to rock.  The only drawbacks are the price tag and the less than intuitive controls.  It comes w a storage bag which is nice for travel.		
1	:	90 days after purchasing the material began to tear away from the head piece. I took it to the Apple store and they replaced them only to have it happen within 90 days again. Warranty is now up and I refuse to order another pair or pay for them to be fixed. The quality does NOT justify the price and I???ll NEVER order another pair.		
5	:	Love the feel of these and the sound does not fail to impress. Love these and this is like the 4th style of Beats I purchased but my favorite!		
5	:	"I thought i was risking myself due to reviews that some beats were fake, but I ordered mine, and they???re real. I turned on my beats and it quickly popped up on my iPhone. What a relief lol. $100 off was worth the ???risk???, I guess. Anyways, they???re definitely not even worth $200; There???s some cheap plastic parts, but matte gold is so beautiful."		
1	:	stop working on three different occasions - not over or undercharged. I have headphones that cost $14 from Walmart and never stopped working. Very Disappointed in an Apple brand! Sending back for a new pair or refund at $200 - are you kidding.		
4	:	"Very pleased. I have some less expensive, wired headphones that sound a little better, but none more convenient for mobility. Elegant push button design works well even with gloves on, or a hood."		
1	:	These fell apart in less than a year. I know they were well loved but for the price they should have lasted. A 13 year old tending to them. Not a young kid. I???m sure he???s a little rough but there is no reason the blue tooth function stopped working early on. Then the actual pieces on the ear cuffs started to fall off. Disappointing		
4	:	I love them.  Easy to pair with my car and Android phone.  Beautiful.  Expensively made.  A little tight at first but better tight than lose for years of wear because the leather may give in time and you don't want them falling off.  Sound quality could use improvement.  Base versus treble and clear ness.		
2	:	Had these beats for only about a year old and the right side just completely stopped working. No sound or anything. You would think something of this price would match in quality. Very disappointed in this product.		
1	:	"We've loved these headphones, but the bluetooth stopped working on one side after 4 months of use.  We've taken very good care of them, and they are great headphones, but for the price I planned on them lasting a lot longer than 4 months.  The headphones still work with the cord ... but that kind of defeats the purpose of getting wireless headphones."		
4	:	"I purchased these earphones for a friend and was concerned that they may not work on his Samsung smartphone(the box read for iPhone, iPad), but they work great! The sound quality is very nice and he really likes them????"		
2	:	"Unfortunately, I am going to return these, and for one simple reason:  Even with a full charge, the headphones shut off after being in the cold for as little as 15 minutes.  And I'm not talking about arctic temps, I'm merely outside in mid-20's degrees, and the battery shuts down.  I looked at the beats website and other sites, and this is a well-known design flaw.  If you are solely in warmer climates, then the headphones may be for you (they sound great).  Otherwise, be warned."		
5	:	I really really really (yes 3x) love these headphone.  perfect - love - great - good - amazing.  I am using with my iphone and they sound great --- battery lasts forever.		
5	:	"I'm no expert, but these things are nothing short of awesome...and I don't mind paying for awesome. They remind me of my favorite set of Koss headphones back in my high school / Pink Floyd days.Very comfortable, great sound, and the level of tech is simply amazing."		
5	:	In love! I like how it pairs so easily with my iPhone and I???m particularly fond of the sound quality. The microphone is super clear - it picks up whispers and talking from people across the room. Such a great product and a great value!		
5	:	"Pretty sweet. I love the price point, the battery last for days, sound quality and sound block are both excellent and I love that they have a mic for phone calls. One thing is the mic is very sensitive so it's not great for walking down a city street.I got the Beats Solo 3 for the gym cause I was fed with annoying wires and ear buds. So far they have been worth every penny."		
2	:	I love the headphones when they work...but my battery is dead after only 3.5 months and I only use them three nights a week for only 2 hours each time.  I was super careful to keep them in cool area of house...only outside during evenings when I work out for a couple hours.Very sad that these fine headphones have such cheap batteries in them.  Sucks to invest money in a failed product.		
5	:	What would we do without Amazon. Beats arrived in impeccable used condition. Works perfectly & they are VERY much authentic! I???m in love Thanks Amazon		
5	:	"So comfortable to wear because they don't slip around on my head. The only thing that I don't like is how hot my ears get while I'm wearing them. But, I thought that might happen with the full ear coverage. It is worth it to have such great sound while I'm walking, out doing yard work, or working. On top of all that, I love the color. They're pretty!"		
3	:	Work well and has good sound.  Comfort level not so good.  Hot and sweaty way too fast.  For the price I expected something more comfortable.		
4	:	"Really nice looking, great sound.  Don???t listen to all the noise of ???too much bass???.  No such thing unless you listen to trash.  Bass and sound are perfect for all genres.  Only reason this gets 4/5 is the battery life is not as advertised at all.  Not even close.  Still, happy with purchase."		
5	:	This was a splurge purchase for myself as I get back in the running scene after kids. The sound is amazing. The ease of use while running is amazing. Paired with my iPhone so easily. Love!!!!!		
1	:	Came with broken plug in microphone set. Wouldn???t let me return. Too small for my ears. Doesn???t cancel out much noise and volume is not very loud for the ???beats??? label in my opinion.		
3	:	I have been using these headphones at the gym every day for a couple months now and the headphones have gotten loose to the point that I have to hold them in place if I am doing anything like looking down... a bit disappointed as I have taken extremely careful care of them and always put them back in case when not in use.		
5	:	I'm a frequent business traveler and these headphones are exactly what I needed for business trips. They drown out noise on the plane and make it possible to take a nap with ease. Also great for daily commuting on public transportation. You can receive calls directly through the headphones so makes it especially easy to communicate while on the go!		
5	:	"Gift for my 13 yo and she couldn't be happier. Good price - I looked around - and works perfectly. She has commented on how easy they are to use, how they connect immediately, are so comfortable, etc. They look great, too. Very happy all around."		
4	:	"These headphones are absolutely worth the price. The sound quality is phenomenal, and is great for anything from working out to studying. The battery life is also amazing. The only reason I would rate this product a 4, and not higher, is because if I wear them for too long they start to hurt my head from the position. This could just be a personal problem."		
4	:	"Beats Solo3 Review from an AudiophileApple is really doing it: they're taking a brand that has the dominant marketshare in the headphone marketplace despite having had subpar audio quality, and greatly improving it while adding groundbreaking features that will take the competition a year or two to catch up with. It's a bit of a genius proposition: purchase the most popular headphone brand that people buy solely for the branding and marketing despite abysmal audio quality, then rebrand it so that consumers are actually getting a quality product with innovative features. The Solo3 is a solid buy for most, even if its audio presentation isn't perfect.DesignAppearanceThe matte black Solo3 I'm auditioning is classy and understated. They're stylish without screaming ""Beats"" in a gaudy way like they did in the past. Unfortunately though, the two glossy options do cheapen the design. The rest of the options, particularly rose gold, are tastefully done.Build qualityDespite being lightweight, the Solo3 manages to feel substantial. There is no flexing, and the headband seems reasonably reinforced. The earcups do rattle, but they also swivel for a better fit so it's a fair trade-off.Comfort/fitPlush leather earpads make the Solo3 more comfortable than anticipated, while also being softer than expected making the Solo3 feel more like a cushion pressed against the ears. Very surprisingly they're the most comfortable pair of headphones I own, even more so than the huge ATH-700 with its velour pads. Perfect for glasses wearers as the earpads can be adjusted in a manner that's completely unaffected by frames. The headband is also soft and grippy enough that the Solo3 will stay in place no matter what. For the purpose of this review I can shake my head in any direction and the headband won't move, which makes it reassuring for use at the gym or for a run. They're a rare combination of being on-ear, comfortable, and fixed on the head.My ears can tend to get red and burn a bit after having these on for a while, but the pain is mostly felt after the fact and I'm working on adjusting the fit to prevent this. On the plus side, I can wear these longer than my other headphones with less pain.Isolation is excellent as well considering there is no active noise cancellation. (I dislike ANC anyway as it can muck up the sound and waste battery life.) At around 60-70% volume the outside world can be mostly blocked out, at least enough so that speech is completely inaudible.Bonus: even the driver (the part that emits sound) is padded better than I've ever seen, if you have extremely small ears then you're in for a treat. They really thought over the comfort design of these headphones.PackagingPremium Apple unboxing experience reminiscent of any other Apple product, with a bit more flair. The single complaint I have is that the included carrying case could be a tad more padded and premium.SoundBeats' Sound SignatureThis is where the review gets a little less glowing, though bear with me. I'm an audiophile, I've studied to a greater extent than I'd care to admit what makes for good sound. These aren't the type of headphones where a listener is going to hear every little detail in a song, but that's okay for listeners who haven't owned a better pair of headphones before; for better or worse, the mass market may not notice the flaws in the Solo3's sound.The sound signature is a colored Beats presentation with a massive low-end accentuation, forward mids, and a very laid-back treble. But you know what? Apple's Beats sound signature is exciting, fun, and sounds good with most modern music. Mids are nicely present, so voices and guitars will still be front-and-center alongside the bass. Some songs do sound off, and no amount of EQ is going to fix those that do. Nowhere else are you going to find such an accentuated bass with forward mids, but the faults are glaring:IssuesThe problem is the bass and and treble aren't accurate. Not even the bass is going to sound as it was intended to by the sound producer, and some drums have a bloated if not addictive-at-times sound that makes drum kits lose their detail. If you're going to be listening to music with mostly real instruments and no modern production, the Solo3 may not be the best option. However, the bass is mostly fine though it is accentuated and loses a bit of detail in the process. The low-end also bleeds into the mids a bit too much, which causes some details like a guitar in the background to potentially be lost.What needs finer tuning is the treble. Cymbals that have a fine detail on a pair of better-tuned headphones can be reduced to sounding more like a hip-hop ""ticking"" sound. The treble is frankly abysmal. I don't mind it being so laid-back but good treble needs to retain its detail.There is a positive to having such a lacking treble, and that is that there's less listening fatigue. Per"		
5	:	bought for a 15  y/o old boy for his birthday he has hardly taken them off. made his day		
2	:	Very disappointed with the case my beats came in. For the price of the headsets and the fragility of them I would have thought a better case would received received.		
1	:	"Broke after a few months , Bluetooth is no longer working. Amazon won???t get me a refund"		
2	:	I love this but I had to send it back twice to get fixed???? for the price it should be better quality.		
5	:	Love them!!! I can hear very clear every single instrument of a song!		
3	:	"I use this for intense, mobile, jumping work outs. Doesn't fall of my head. Sound is loud enough, but I wish it could get louder for when I am in loud atmosphere. Quality is fine, nothing to rave about.Good product. Just not sure why I paid over $200 for headphones."		
5	:	Honestly I close to never have to re charge these! They are perfect for the gym or chores around the house when I am listening to that perfect book! Sound quality is good and I can adjust settings on the earphones! I love the color! They are beautiful!		
5	:	"These are the second pair of beats I have purchased, and they are great. I know they get a lot of complaints by music professionals as not being ""the"" top quality music output. However, to my amateur ears, I think that they are perfectly fine. The battery lasts forever....I usually have to charge them only every 2-3 weeks, and use them almost every day. Compared to pretty much any other rechargeable product, their battery life is amazing. I don't know how many long haul flights I have planned, and the morning of realized that I had forgotten to charge my ipad/computer...etc. These headphones are great, since they last so long. The music quality is more than sufficient for me, and the fact that they fold up means I can throw them in my purse pretty easily. I use them on my commute, for travel, and when I work out! Great product."		
5	:	Survives drives that are hours long and full of podcasts and music. So comfortable and AWESOME sound. Love them.		
5	:	"I???m very active and cannot wear those tiny ear buds (my ears are small and they just don???t fit right). These headphones paired instantly with my iPhone 10. Super stylish! I wear them running, weightlifting and even for travel."		
5	:	This was a Christmas gift for my son and when he Absolutely loves it. The sound quality is great and it is comfortable.  Also love how it folds up and it came with a case along with an aux cord. Very happy with purchase.		
1	:	The headphones stopped being able to take a charge within 10 months.  Very disappointed.  They were expensive.		
5	:	Beats are the best. The sound and quality is amazing and they last forever. I charged them once and they lasted for more than 2 weeks using at least 3hrs a day... very surprising		
5	:	"Bought for my daughter for Christmas 2016.  We travel quite a bit and is so nice on the road, flights, everywhere. Works everywhere, everytime. Want to get myself one, but a bit pricey for me. Hopefully price will come down."		
1	:	"Terrible they stopped working after 3 weeks.  The left ear would not work at all on wireless.  We did some troubleshooting and they reset but immediately stopped working again.  I researched the issue and it is very common with the solo3 wireless headphones.  My son loved them, but we returned for a refund."		
5	:	just what i needed. perfect for my office so i have the freedom to get up and move without being tied up with wires.and the bass!!! WOW!!!		
5	:	"Very nice headphones. The color style stands out. My son gets lots of compliments. Had initially purchased these headphones for my 11 year old but they were a little small. Gave this pair to my 8year old and purchased the Studio'S for my 11 year old and everyone is happy. Cancels sound, quick and easy connectivity, plays music with a crisp sound and the superior look makes this a great purchase. Fast and quick delivery."		
5	:	"My lady wanted them so I bought them. she seems to love them over the one the Sony's wireless that I bought her. She said that these are more stylist, sound better and the rose gold definitely looks better. Happy wife happy life right? To me they look good they sound good and for $245 well she's happy LOL"		
1	:	For 309 headphones they suck! I???ve had to have mine replaced 3x bc they won???t hold a charge. Clearly a manufacturer defect. I expected better when appl took over. Not sure what happened there... having the same issue with my beats X. Or the sound goes out randomly. Song skips randomly. Glitchy!!! Save ur money		
5	:	"Perfect!No damage, no scratches, nothing missing and totally sealed! Authentic Beats! The sound is awesome! Got these in the warehouse deal paid $187! Couldn't be happier with my purchase."		
2	:	Purchased these Beats headphones in October 2017 and the ear pad is already coming unglued. Not pleased about how this product is holding up. Thankfully Apple will honor the Beats warranty.		
5	:	I was kinda worried about the battery life???s but it???s awesome; my ears get tired after wearing them for a while but other than that I love them		
5	:	"Ignore all the haters, these headphones sound incredible. The battery life on these things blow my mind. It seems like 20+ hours of battery life and they recharge very quickly. Connectivity is a breeze with any Apple product and I would imagine the same can be said for Android products as well."		
3	:	Gorgeous headphones but they hurt when I'm wearing them because they press against my ears. Gives me a headache. I don't recommend. The bigger ones are way more comfortable.		
5	:	Love these headphones. Been wanting them for a while now and found one at Amazon Warehouse for reasonable price. The rose gold is gorgeous but ended up getting limited edition gold.		
2	:	"Look great, fit is comfy and sound is awesomeProblem: used them 3 months and now the battery won't fully charge and they drain out whether turned on or off in about 6-8 hours. Very disappointed. My $30 sentey knock off headphones now last longer.Overall, not worth $300"		
5	:	I freakin love this!!  Packs a BIG punch! Sound quality is GREAT and it gets REALLY LOUD!		
4	:	Love the color! looks like a rose gold instead of a gold. The sound is amazing. My only issue is when wearing them for 30mins my ears start to hurt but the pressure is too tight. I still love them!!		
5	:	"I have had beats since the first Solo On-Ear Headphones came out. Since then, they have much improved on overall quality and comfort. So far my favorite is the Beats Solo3, though price-wise the original Solo cannot be beat. (the Solo2 was a disaster)"		
3	:	"I love my beats. Sounds is great and battery life is AMAZING! (I use mine at the gym every day and I charge them once a month). Unfortunately, I expected better quality for $200 pair of headphones: the ear pad cover started coming off just after 3 months of use."		
4	:	"I love the sound of these headphones, however sometimes I feel that it sitsreally tightly on my head. I do not have a big head :) so not sure why itssoo snug.Again I like the quality of the sound, and the battery life on it, is amazing!Can last for days without a charge. I use it for phone calls too, and that isreally clear."		
5	:	OMG I love these headphones. My sweet husband bought me the wried ones for Christmas and they are great but I wanted to be wire free. They are not cheap but they are worth it!		
5	:	Awesome sound. Bluetooth connections was instantaneous! Much better than any other bluetooth device I have ever had. The volume is louder than your ears can handle!		
5	:	I have no clue why anyone wouldn???t like these. they just came in today and i already love them. the sound is great and they look so nice when u wear them.		
1	:	"Piece of crap. Ordered 1 pair and could not get sound out of both ears no matter what apple device I used it with. Sent it back and the second pair did the same. Sent that back and will never order another headphone or ear buds from beats again. Also before purchasing google beats and sound only coming out of one side , you will see many others who have experienced this problem as well....save your money and research other headphones"		
1	:	damn thing stopped playing out the right side after 3 months.  THREE months.  piece of crap!		
2	:	Wish I had gotten the over ear style instead. The sound is good but they are painful to wear after about an hour and that???s with earrings off. Forget about wearing with earrings.		
3	:	"It was a very good for a few months and then can no longer charged. The battery can last almost for a week and wireless is neat! Sound quality is okay. I used to love it, but apprently the battery is very easy to be damaged, for instance, sweat or did not charge on time. You just have to be super careful. It is a little pricy for this quality."		
5	:	"Ordered theses headphones after my others (different brad) gave out. I used theses an entire week traveling International and arrived home with still 40% charge. Great sound quality and very comfortable for long wear.  I was hesitant when reading some of the reviews, but these were brand new and ???real??? beats."		
2	:	Item worked for a few months. Now they will not ppwer on and stay on. Upon trying to regoster for support unable to do so. I do not see help offered from Amazon site for assistance. Since beat is a apple product usually they will assist if you can prove you purchased within past year. Beats and Aplle are good companies for thier products. I will not cut corners anymore to purchase them however.		
5	:	"These are amazing, beautiful headphones!! I had the wired solos before and they somehow seemed louder to me, but oh well, still love these. They???re so comfortable! Wish I could boost the loudness somehow though.."		
5	:	"My package arrived sooner than expected, well packaged, nice and sleek. Would've preferred a hard carrying case as opposed to the soft one it came with, other than that I'm definitely satisfied. Thank you."		
5	:	"Bought them for the wife so I haven't used them personally but she raves about them. She says she's been over the whole house and they haven't dropped/cut out once. Sound quality is excellent and they are very comfortable to wear (I've tried them on and they are quite literally ""on-ear"" as you can feel them rest on your ears). Seem to fit a little smaller than the average headphone which is great as they fit smaller heads. Battery life is as advertised."		
5	:	Before buying these I was skeptical about all the hype but these headphones are absolute quality. They live up to the hype!  Sound quality is amazing. Worth the money.		
5	:	"The only thing bad is it said it was prime but it was not. It has great build quality and also has great sound. The black color looks amazing, my grandson loves the beats solo 3 wireless and would recommend it to anyone."		
5	:	These are the bomb and love the color.		
5	:	Love love love  my beats-????Perfect for any color ????Amo amo Amo mis beats????Perfecto para cualquier color????		
5	:	Does this headset ever run out of batteries? I swear I've had this headset for over 2 weeks and it still doesn't need a charge! It's still shows full! I workout 4 times a week and occasionally use it around the house and it still going strong. Sold!		
3	:	The wire adapter is starting to break. I have to constantly readjust the wire so music would come out. And when it does the sound are uneven		
2	:	"While the sound quality is pretty good, the craftsmanship is absolute garbage. Within two months of owning mine, the leather on the ears was falling off and the carrying case has a wonky zipper. I do like them, but you can get much higher quality headphones for a similar price."		
5	:	Amazing product! Love the wireless function. The only thing is when you???re working out you???ll be even more hot because the ears get really hot. But that???s obvious. The battery lasts me for like a week as I only use them for about an hour a day. Love it!		
5	:	These were for my 10 year old grandson. He loves them!  Kinda pricy but they are Beats. ......		
5	:	"Easy to sync with phone. I had another pair of wireless beats and they would pair then not. It was frustrating, always repairing the headphones in mid song. Great sound - as always."		
5	:	"Where to start..amazing sound, easy set up, comfortable fit. I also scoured websites to make sure I had a genuine beats solo 3 and these were. I am very pleased with these and would recommend to anyone who hasnt experienced beats headphones before. My original thought was to get bose in the same price range..these were rated higher than those and I now know why. Love these headphones."		
3	:	"Right speaker went out within 2 months after normal wear - no active wear (running, working out, etc.) They were fantastic - great sound - better than last edition, though did become uncomfortable after extended use. Still bass heavy but sound was much improved.I, of course, did not get the 4-year protection plan. Have been burnt on beats buds, but figured wireless wouldn't experience the same shortage issue."		
4	:	"It's good, however I hadn't realized how small the headphones are! I don't find them to be comfortable to wear for long periods of time as my ears feel so much pressure from the headphones being ON the ears. Very pretty though! Has great sound too! But for as much as they cost, I don't see myself being comfortable wearing these daily."		
5	:	Bought this for my teen daughter and they are great! Cute color and outstanding quality plus 100$ cheaper then Apple store..		
5	:	"Bought these as a gift, and they loved them!  Everything came as advertised, and was shippped super fast. For the price these are definitely worth the money. Good purchase!"		
5	:	The battery last ridiculously long		
1	:	"The headphones would not charge up. I rarely used the headphones  the first couple of months after I purchased them and when they finally lost their charge, I was never able to get them to recharge. I???m totally disappointed after all of the hype. Maybe it was a defective unit, but regardless, the bottoms line is I am completely disatisfied."		
5	:	"My boyfriend loves them! Great on battery life, Bluetooth connection was easy to set up, look great and music sounds amazing"		
3	:	Wish the headphones didn???t feel cheap. Could???ve been made with a more durable material than plastic. Makes it feel like you DON???T get what you pay for.		
5	:	"Wow, the sound that comes out of these babies are out of this world. My grand-son loves these head phones. He has told all his friend about them."		
1	:	I don't think I have an extremely large head but this headphone is too tight for me and there is nothing I can adjust for it.		
4	:	"The main reason I bought these was because I wanted name brand headphones. The sound,battery,style,noise cancellation,and structure all seem perfectly fine to me. So far I haven't encountered any issues except for comfort. After about 30 minutes they become irritable because they are tight not because they leather isn't soft,which it is. If you can push out another 50$ and are planning on using these for extended periods of time and not just occasional listening to, school, and  shortish car trips then over ear headphones might work better like studio wireless. However I also wouldn't let this be a deciding factor because there are pretty much as good as it gets except for comfort. The pain caused by the pressing of the pads on my ears feels much like taking your fingers and pressing them on the outside of your ears for a couple of seconds pretty hard."		
5	:	I really expected to not like them as much as I do. The fit is excellent and doesn't hurt your head unless you wear them for over an hour at a time. The sound quality is excellent except for the fact they seem to be overly bass heavy by default.		
5	:	"I don't know much what it takes to make a good earphone, but I was in desperate need for a pair that stayed on at the gym! Nice aesthetic, sounds great, and easy to transport because they are foldable! I got these on sale for $200, I don't think I would pay more than that."		
5	:	"I searched every possible store and no one had these at a lower price (at the time).  I try to buy anything I can at Amazon since they have fantastic customer service, so it worked out well.  These headphones are great in my opinion, clear sound, stays in place, comfy on ears (best if worn without earrings though).  Overall I am very happy with this purchase."		
5	:	"Love these new Headphones!Awesome look and quality.Sound is really phenomenal!Functions are great as well.Really glad I got these. I do find the curvature of the band is a bit wide looking and big for me, but I do have a small head. This doesn't affect the way they stay on the head though.The only issue I had with these was the delivery situation. It was all messed up, but Amazon tried there best to remedy that, so thank you Amazon!"		
3	:	They sound great but I haven't even had hem a year and this happened. Also they losen up quick so after a while you have to constantly adjust them and put them in place.		
5	:	My ears as spoiled! Great sound best christmas gift ever This is my 4th pair of beats headphones next i am looking to get the studio and i am happy camper to stay i own every one.		
1	:	Buyer beware !I usually check reviews before ordering anything & saw a couple of reviewers saying they received the wrong pair of headphonesI decided to order anyways and entrusted in beats for the right product.But definitely got played into as well..Received what looks like another pair of used beats. Sad but what can you do !Immediately Returned.		
1	:	Had less than a year and the black inner ear portion is wearing off and the white foam is exposed.  The headphones are are also very stretched out and dont stay on very well.  Disappointed they are falling apart considering they are not used that often and were very expensive!		
1	:	"Did not work 2 days after delivery! My son was so upset. Had to return, we just went to Best buy and made a new purchase."		
5	:	Work great. Sound great. Really enjoy the 40hr charge! The wireless performance is wonderful and I enjoy that I can control the volume fro my Apple Watch as well as my phone while wearing.		
4	:	I had a old Beats and I was surprise to learn that you can't change the music on the headphone... its also much smaller them my old ones...		
5	:	I purchased this as a birthday gift for my girlfriend. She loves the sound quality of the headphones.  She commented that she can now hear the tiniest background sounds while listening to podcasts.		
3	:	"I really wanted to like these but after 3 days the bass and sound went out on the right side. I've been reading a lot of reviews and spoke to some of my friends that own these and they are awesome for them but for the amount of money you pay, I would expect better. I'm really disappointed and I am nervous of evening buying another pair."		
5	:	My son turned 13 and loved these for his bday.		
2	:	Working on exchanging.  Charged initially and worked great.  Went to charge 2nd time to no lights... dead in the water.  =/		
5	:	"I AM VERY SURPRISED THAT I SPENT SUCH A LARGE AMOUNT OF $, JUST FOR EARPHONES. THEY ARE QUITE GOOD. SOUND CLEAR EVEN FROM VERY LARGE DISTANCES. NO DROPPED CALLS. I TRULY AM SURPRISED!!!  AMAZING"		
2	:	"The headphones are gorgeous and sound great.  After a couple of months, one of the ear coverings started to loosen and now, after five months, is almost completely gone.  For what Beats charges, the quality should be apparent in the whole product, not just part of the product."		
5	:	"Gift for the grand daughter and she uses it at the gym.  Helps her focus on the work out and keeps out the ""noise"" of the chatty cathies and others who try to engage in conversation.  She's a busy girl and values her time at the gym."		
4	:	I love the sound and background cancellation. I bought these in at the end of April and started using them mid June but now the headphone material is sliding off.		
1	:	One of the speakers i have to tap it to play sound. This problem was since bought the item. I have called customer service from Amazon and they saying that there's nothing they can do.		
2	:	Don't like the on ear pads. After an hour or two of using my ears ache from the pressure. As for 40 hours of battery life. I either got a set with a bad battery or they are all like that. First couple of weeks they worked fine. Now the battery dies after one or two hours.		
4	:	"6 MONTH UPDATE: Extremely impressed with this set of headphones, particularly given the Beats ""reputation."" I encourage anyone looking for a great sounding, daily driver headphone to ignore the standard patter about the brand and test them out. Battery life is absolutely as advertised and bluetooth connectivity is the most reliable and hassle-free of any bluetooth device I have owned. Sound is warm, bass is dynamic, and I find myself revisiting old favorites just to hear how they sound.My only complaints are that the build quality can feel creaky, but none of the components have worn unevenly or broken, and the included case is a bit of a tight fit.***Background: I was looking for a daily driver headphone for my commute to work, some air travel, and casual home listening. My priorities were: Bluetooth, battery life, comfort, reliability. Though I knew the reputation of Beats headphones to be heavy on the bass and light on build quality, I was pleasantly surprised in both categories.Design and Build: When I started looking for headphones, it became obvious that Beats have influenced the market on design. Bose, Sony, Samsung are all trotting out various Beats-style clones. The Solo 3s maintain the fashion-forward, but understated ""high end"" headphone look and I love the matte black. While the build is plastic and the soft materials are man-made, they don't feel too flimsy and I'm not overly concerned with breaking them under normal use. The hinges for folding the earpieces have metal components and feel sturdy snapping in and out of place. When I looked at myself wearing headphones from each of the big consumer companies mentioned above, the Solo 3 looked the best on me.Comfort: These are light headphones, but make up for their weight with a very snug fit on the ears. It will take some adjustment to using an on-ear headphone (have been using wired Shure earbuds) and my ears have gotten a little tired from early listening. However, the soft materials on the earpieces are plush and the headband padding sits unobtrusively on the top of my head. When I shake left to right, up and down there is a little movement, but not a deal breaker in my book.Noise Isolation: I veered away from Active Noise Cancelling headphones, because I won't use the technology until it is perfect (zero leakage, no hum from airplanes, etc). The noise isolation in the Solo 3 is moderately effective. Riding a Muni bus in San Francisco, I occasionally picked up a word from a conversation during a quieter song and there was an ongoing hum from the bus motor. Stop signals came through muffled. While these may seem like negatives, I prefer a little outside noise coming through on a commute so I do not lose track of my surroundings. They were not nearly as effective as my in-ear Shure earbuds, but that is expected with an over-the-ear or on-ear headphone. I also try not to listen above 70% of iPhone volume, so your mileage may vary if you can tolerate higher volume or listen at a lower volume.Bluetooth: I almost exclusively use the Apple ecosystem and it was a primary reason for choosing the Solo 3. The ease of pairing with the W1 chip for all my iCloud devices (iPhone 6S, iPad Pro, MacBook) was seamless. It harkens back to the Apple slogan ""it just works."" The range is unbelievable and I could move several rooms away with closed doors without any break or loss of quality. Not having a wire running down into my pocket while I'm walking around really makes for a better user experience and these headphones fit the bill perfectly.Battery Life: Have not yet drained these down, but will report back if the battery life is anything but the 40 hours listed. Other reviewers seem to have tested this and experienced no change from the advertising.Sound Performance: When I first played a song, I braced myself for the reputed Beats sound--bassy, washed out, unbalanced. That was my opinion of the very first pairs of Beats. Fortunately, Apple and Beats have re-worked the sound profile while keeping a distinctive signature (some have said this is similar to the Solo 2, which I have not tried). The best description I can muster is that Beats engineers want your music to feel like a live show. The lows are prominent and heavy without taking over. Mids are present and forward, vocals ringing out clearly and guitars easily pouring over the punctuated bass line. The treble gets the worst treatment. Cymbals and higher guitar register solos sound thinner and flatter than I think they should, but it does not detract from the listening experience as much as I expected. I am disappointed in the Solo 3 soundstage and wish the engineers could have spaced out the instruments and vocals better. Most of the sound feels very upfront and it can create a little listening fatigue.Using online audio tools to test headphones, I perceive the Solo 3 to be great, but not outstanding, head"		
1	:	I would give zero stars but there is no option for that. Over $200 stopped working in a few months. Horrible. Horrible. Horrible. But of course they stopped working after the return policy was effective.		
5	:	I love them. I know I'll never wear them. But they are so pretty.		
1	:	"I just got this out of the box and used it three times before the battery stopped working. Now I have to send it to Apple repair and wait who knows how long before I can use them. For something I paid over two hundred dollars for, this sucks! Not even thirty days in and I have to do a warranty repair."		
4	:	Love the color. Very pretty rose gold. Great sound. Kinda squishy on my ears and not great for extended hour use.		
2	:	"Bought Beats Solo3 about a month ago or so. The sound is great but they are very very tight. I gave them to my 6 year old daughter. Would not recommend unless they make them with different sizes. I am very upset to pay that kind of money. I hate to return things. I guess I learned my lesson, next time I get an expensive product I'll just go in store not Amazon."		
5	:	Daughter LOVES these!		
1	:	Haven't even had them for a year and the left ear already stopped working.		
5	:	15 y/o son loves 'em.......that's all that matters.		
3	:	"after a few months, the charger was very temperamental.  I have to jiggle it in order for the light to blink to show it is recharging.  Very annoying thinking that the next morning the headphones will be charged and they aren't.  Sometimes the headphones drop the signal.  Turn off and on, it comes back.  Good sound."		
5	:	Love this product. Sounds great and it looks super stylish		
5	:	I???m so glad I finally took the plunge purchased this! Couldn???t be happier I hope it lasts me for a long time.		
4	:	"I've had this for a few months now, so I figured I better review it.  Love the sound, connects flawlessly with my iPhone and iPad.  Crisp sound, clear bass, and the fit is just perfect!  Would absolutely buy again, if they weren't so expensive (glad I had Amazon gift cards HAHA)!!"		
5	:	I got these for Christmas. I love them. I don???t like to splurge on expensive things like this but they are worth the money. Great battery life and amazing sound.		
1	:	I bought these last May 2017 for my son???s birthday. About six months ago the left earpiece stopped working. Very disappointing especially for the price point. Like others I???m wondering if these are even real Beats headphones.		
4	:	Great sound and I live the rose gold color. The case however is too small for the headphones and it's a struggle to get them in and out		
3	:	"I ordered this, It came, but not In good condition. It had one part on the left side that was scratched and a circle piece fell off. You can't hear out of that left part. Also, the sound button on the cord does not work. It IS very expensive so I recommend pick this up at Apple or Go to the Beats website and also for other expensive items like this. Overall, it did have some good qualities."		
1	:	"These headphones are too expensive for the quality. It brakes or stops working... After some months of use something happens, this is the third one my daughter got. She is very careful and the battery don't charge anymore after 4 months of use! She always wants this brand because the headphones are pretty, but I will never buy this brand again!!"		
5	:	"I recently bought the iPhone 7, and I can't use the apple headphones to listen to music while charging it. Such a pain. So, these are amazing cause can dance around my house with my phone laying who knows where but still jamming to my music. No cords, can charge my phone while jamming out. So great."		
5	:	My search for the right wireless headsets ended.  Unfortunately after spending over $300+ on 'cheaper' options over the years.  These are great.  Sound quality. Stay on.  Dont hurt by ears.  And just perfect to keep me going on my workout.  Love it.		
5	:	Best wireless speakers I???ve ever owned. Battery life is AMAZING!! charges up quickly as well. Love the fit. The sound quality is amazing. Great great gift idea.		
3	:	(I was sponsored by a company to buy these headphones) I bought them for 12$ for a month (Tax). The headphones are really great sounding which is always expected by beats. Although the sound quality is great the Plastic that they are made of is poor. The headphones fall off your head easily so playing sports with these headphones are really not recommended. So don't play sports in these the moment they fell off my head scuffs all over and  a piece came undone but was easily able to be fixed		
2	:	"I???m not sure if there???s something wrong with my pair specifically or what, but these headphones die without using them at all. I left them on the charger, and then they were unplugged. That???s it. Never used but they were 100% off and now a week and a half later, I go to use them and they???re completely dead. This is like the 3rd or 4th time it???s happened. I would not recommend these at all."		
5	:	Gave as a gift to my granddaughter. She loves it		
5	:	My daughter love it her new Beats Solo3 Headphones.		
1	:	We tried to contact APPLE because the power button was jammed and they would not turn off. You have to pay $129 repair fee and shipping to have them fixed. They are cheap quality - don't buy them.		
1	:	These were purchased new and sent back 3 months later for a faulty ear piece. A year later the right ear piece doesn???t work again.		
3	:	"The first year was perfect. The sound and everything worked. Right after my warranty ended 1 year and 2 months later, the battery seemed to have died. It doesn???t charge and I can???t use the beats without the wire. I???ve googled my problem and nothing seems to work. What???s the point of Bluetooth then if the battery will eventually die. Is there a place where they replace the battery?"		
2	:	Update after a year of light use:. It's literally falling to pieces.  Horrible build quality.  Audio quality was great while it lasted. Expected a lot more durability at this price point.		
5	:	Fantastic buy and  I've had them for so long and they still work! Wear and tear are kicking in but nothing a quick trip to the apple store won't fix.		
5	:	These headphones are the best I have ever purchased. I have not had any problems with them so far and the sound is still very good on them.		
2	:	Sound quality is awesome! Very comfortable too. But they constantly rip my hair out (long hair) and they won't stay on my head unless I am upright. I bought these for my workouts so its pretty annoying having them fall off all the time.????		
5	:	"They're nice. I got two pairs for 156$ each when they were on sale. I don't think they should be more than 100$, but it's the brand we pay for. Everyone knows about beats headphones."		
2	:	"Great sound, poor fit.  Returned as this was too tight on a small woman's head and hurt glasses."		
5	:	"Package came same day with Prime. Package was brand new in plastic just like if you got them from store. Everything was included cables, case, serial numbers. Would highly recommend!"		
5	:	"I use these every time I go to the gym. They are pretty, good sound quality and stop people talking to you!"		
5	:	I love them and use em everyday! Battery is super long lasting so you don't have to charge it often!		
5	:	I was hesitant about these because of some reviews. I took the risk and they are 100% real Apple. I registered them already and they are brand new		
5	:	"Great sounding headphones. Yes, they are expensive but the sound quality and pairing ease are simply great. The range is awesome as I can leave my laptop downstairs and walk upstairs and never lose connection. Battery life is crazy good!"		
5	:	Son loves them		
5	:	I bought these for Christmas for my grandson. He loves them.  Great product. Would recommend.		
5	:	"Very happy with these. The battery charge lasts several weeks. The sound quality is perfect; I don't like excessive bass, and these are perfect in that regard. Well worth the extra $."		
5	:	"Great headphones, of course it sounds great with very good battery life. The cushions are comfortable on the ears."		
5	:	This was a Christmas gift for my granddaughter and she is enjoying her music!		
4	:	The Beats Solo3 headphones sound great and pair seamlessly with Apple devices.  The only thing I didn't like about these is that the red is more orange than true red.		
1	:	"I bought these in October 2017 and by April 2018, they stopped working.  The button to turn them off and on you have to smash extremely hard to get them to turn on and half the time they won't turn off so they just go dead.  Would love to have them fixed or replaced."		
3	:	You can still hear people talk to you if they are next to you. For the price you will expect better quality.		
1	:	"After using it for 10 hours total right headphone stopped working! 3 days left on warranty, lets see if they will honor it."		
2	:	"I've had the Beats Solo3 Wireless On-Ear Headphones - Black, for two years of use, was disappointed with the quality of the product and the sound quality. The outer material on the right side of the headphone has tore off. Also I can only hear sometimes from only the left side only."		
4	:	pretty good quality and sound but the only problem that I have is that they are to tight hurts a bit but you get use to it and they are legit.		
5	:	these are awesome and they sound great light weight too		
1	:	They look cheap and plastic. I don???t know it they???re fake or it???s the solo 3 model but they don???t look or feel like other Beats I???ve seen		
3	:	I bought them last year in May so almost a year ago i take really good care of them and i only use them for the gym. But the audio stopped working on a side and so i am looking a place to get them repaired or any suggestions on where to get them fixed in Miami?Greatly appreciate it... Thank you		
5	:	Got these in the mail for a present and they were wrapped already - which was pretty cool.  They work perfectly and my daughter absolutely loves them.		
3	:	"I???ve always loved the idea of Bluetooth headphones, and these are just okay. The sound cuts in and out quite a bit, even when I???m 3 feet away. Also, don???t get them in white if you plan on wearing them to the gym lol. #sweatstains"		
4	:	what you get is quality music. Maybe a little reset here and there but the overall quality of the product is good.		
2	:	I do not recommend anything Beats. Within six months the left ear went dead. Sent it in to apple and then 3 months later they went dead again. I purchased some Bose instead.		
5	:	"Wanted a decent pair of wireless headphones after always catching a cord at work and breaking other pairs.  I looked at a few pairs, these, some Bose headphones and some V-Moda.  Honestly these probably had the lowest reviews of the 3.  Not bad reviews, but lower than the other two in general so I was hesitant.  I also had never read great things about older Beats, but they came down in price some to about 70 less than the other two so I decided to give it a shot.I am pleasantly surprised.  I am by no means an audiophile so that may help, but I think they sound very good.  Pretty full sound, I don't think it's the best by any means, but it's a good sound and enjoyable to listen to.  Range also seems really good on the bluetooth.As far as comfort.  They definitely could be tight to some.  They kind of clamp down on the ears.  I don't find this bad, but it's definitely something to consider in a purchase.  I think overall they are very comfortable so far.  A little hot under the ears after a bit maybe, but not bad.I would recommend them if you want a decent pair of wireless headphones.  Good sound, easy to pair, comfortable.  Oh, and it also came with 30 bucks on the itunes store or 3 months of apple music.  Since I will use that it's like I saved another 30 bucks on them which really makes them a great deal."		
4	:	"It was good untill yesterday the Bluetooth went out yesterday day .one side works ,if you put the aux cord on both sides work."		
3	:	"Great sound, however headband too tight.  Unfortunately had to return."		
5	:	"They???re Beats. They???re great. They???re not cheap, but they were an appreciated gift!"		
5	:	Love them.  Excellent sound and weight.		
5	:	High quality.  Long battery life. This works as expected.  Beats is a good brand.  My daughter wanted this one and thats what she got.		
5	:	"My son got these for Christmas and loves them! Sound great and charge lasts a super long time. Seem pretty durable so far as well, ie gold not rubbing off"		
1	:	Just purchased these 59 days into it and one head phone stopped working out of the blue and I can???t get a hold of anyone .Doesn???t seem to have the one year coverage or exchange policy I can find so what???s the use spending $240.00 for this product ?I hope to hear back from the seller soon .		
5	:	I have only used these one time on a tripTo Hawaii.  But they worked well and are comfortable.		
2	:	The ear piece cover came off after a few months of usage		
5	:	"Excellent wireless headphone, with very clear song and an incredible bass. Just few seconds after turn the bluetooth on, in iPhone for the first time, it was synchronized."		
4	:	"I love these!  Only problem is when the temp is very cold, like below 30 F, if I'm outside waiting for the bus more than 10 minutes they shut off automatically.  But I suppose thats to be expected."		
5	:	2nd pair of beats my first pair works great.  The quality of sound takes you somewhere else.  Generally pretty comfortable.		
1	:	Very dissapointed! Its only been few months since i bought it and i used it only few times AND THEY WONT CHARGE! I have tried contacting the seller and they just dont care to help!		
5	:	This is my second pair of beats and I love them. The sound quality is exceptional and they are comfortable. Easy to set up and I love that you can adjust the volume on the headphones as well as play / pause. I definitely recommend!		
1	:	"One side stopped working after 2 months of usage. (2 full recharges to be accurate).Sound quality is good, battery is very nice, but the fact that these phones cost 200 dollars and has issues like this is very disappointing. As i reviewed on forums and videos online i am not the only one who suffered from this problem. Probably will never suggest buying this product to anyone."		
5	:	Bought this as a birthday gift for a friend 2 months ago and he STILL cannot stop thanking me for how great of a gift it is. He says the battery life is amazing and apparently can go 2 days without charging. And it???s also great for blocking out unwanted noises.... or people lol		
4	:	"Sound is perfect for my needs crisp and clear and outside noise is easily muffled.I havent and probably wont try the wireless system, I only really got this as the next model up was too expensive and the previous model I had broke and I thought why not upgrade.Only have one issue and thats due to my big ears. These are smaller then the previous' model and over time my ears feel squished and sore. However thats just my problem."		
5	:	"These headphones are perfect!!! Good for working out at the gym, shooting hoops, and going for a light jog! The price is kind of hard to commit to but, once you do it was well worth the money. When these headphones are Bluetooth there is no lag and you can as far as up to 50ft away they still play music!"		
1	:	"These are not real Beats headphones. There is no ""b"" on the headphones and they do NOT match the picture on the box. Do not buy these. They are a ripoff of a great product."		
2	:	"Unbelievable uncomfortable to wear. Too tight! My ears still sore after just 30 minutes of using Beats Solo3.Sound was OK though. But not for $200, goddamit!Simply not worth it."		
5	:	"I had been using earbuds bc I never bought myself some nice Bluetooth headphones. I am so happy that I finally invested bc my ears no longer hurt or get annoyed bc of using earbuds too long. I don???t know much about music production but for just listening to music, these are great (and much more affordable here than from Apple)."		
5	:	"Soft on the ears, fits comfy.  Great sound!  Expensive though!"		
1	:	"I bought these headphones for my birthday in October 2017 and they stopped working in February. Like they won't charge or turn on. I work from home, so I used it to just listen to music and occasionally make business calls. One day it zonked out with no warning. Unfortunately, I cannot return or exchange. What can I do? $200 down the drain, better off buying something cheap so you don't feel like your ripped off if it malfunctions."		
5	:	"Works. It just works. Super easy with an iPhone. Sound quality is great. They're comfortable, lightweight, compact, they feel good. I'm happy."		
5	:	"You get what you pay for!!!While a bit on the expensive side, the quality and the sound are unsurpassed. Wireless is definitely the way to go. Very Satisfied!!"		
3	:	"It would have received 5 stars for quality but the top part that rests on top your head gets unfotable after a while. Also I stopped using it for about 3 days and once I used it again I couldn't turn them off, so I left it alone for about and hour and came back and the light turned off, so I tried to see if I could turn them back on but I could not. I returned it for a refund."		
2	:	They sound ok but are hard on your ears. Then when you go to send back they deduct 9.86 for shipping. Will never buy on Amazon from third party as a Prine member shipping is free. Amazon there has to be a way to correct this problem.		
4	:	These really good. I love how easily they connect with my Apple devices! I love the range of sound on them as well. The only reason I rated them 4 stars is they do get a bit uncomfortable after an hour or so of us.		
5	:	I've tried them all and this blows away all the competition		
2	:	Bought the first set of beats and the expandable piece broke. Missed the return window by a few days but was luckily able to return.  The replacement set fabric just separated from the plastic.  The return window was 5 days ago and not able to return.  2 months of use and 2 out of 2 times they have broken.		
3	:	"These headphones are very comfortable and sound great.  Biggest problem is the workmanship.  My first pair had the cloth covering the earpieces pull back and come off after about six months.  The manufacturer replaced them, which is great, but the replacement pair did the same thing within six months."		
5	:	you can hear sounds that you could never hear with plane old head phones and you can talk with the head phones on it is great for running and doing things around the house worth buying.		
5	:	Birthday gift for 15-year-old. Came brand new in original packaging as expected. She liked them.... she picked these out.		
5	:	"My son is happy with his Christmas present. He carries the headset everywhere. He used earbuds so often I was afraid he'd get affected, I hope this is a good alternative also for his health."		
5	:	"OMG I have been wanting a pair of these headphones since they came out, so worth it, the sound is totally amazing!!!!  I love them"		
3	:	"I love the look and was excited about these. They do sit directly on your ears and it was a little uncomfortable - at least for me. They made my ears hot and a little itchy. Perhaps you get used to them, but I returned the product."		
2	:	"I recently got a new pair of beats solo wireless 3 headphones (Red) and to my disappointment the glue came apart within the first 2 weeks of purchase. Would have expected better quality, Wouldn???t recommend buying."		
5	:	Christmas gift for my granddaughter and she was in heaven.. Sound on these is amazing..		
4	:	I like my beats solo 3.  The sound is great.  The only thing I dislike is the fact that they start hurting my ears after wearing them for any length of time.  Other than that I am satisfied with the purchase.		
1	:	I have not had these a year and should have one year warranty and nobody will help me. The one ear you get no volume from		
1	:	"I used them twice. The second time, the controls on the headphones were bugging out and wouldn't work, I had to control everything via Bluetooth on my phone. Then the Bluetooth on the headphones wouldn't turn off! So I let the battery die and recharged but that didn't help.The Bluetooth completely stopped working!!!"		
4	:	The kid likes them but he says thwy dint seem to be as loud as the wired beats headphones he got about 3 years ago.		
5	:	"My son loves these. The battery is the bomb. I however think the sound could be better, but if he is happy, so am I."		
5	:	So amazingly awesome. My son loves them		
3	:	"I got these a few days ago and they were perfect, I had a long debate on whether I should get the  Bose headphones or these Beats. The Beats won out. However after only a few days of ownership they are already malfunctioning. On two separate occasions while working out at the gym the volume levels would change on their own. Which doesn???t seem too bad I guess But considering these headphones are over $200 I was hoping for a good quality product. I am currently waiting on replacements and fingers crossed this doesn???t happen again otherwise I guess I will just go for the Bose.Update: decided to just get a refund and go with another brand entirely after reading more negative reviews"		
5	:	"He loved them, uses them to work out, he says his ears sweat though so it???s better to use when resting and for entertainment but not during workouts"		
5	:	"Late last year, my boyfriend bought these for his daughter and she LOVES them ... he mentioned wishing he'd purchased a pair for himself, so.... ;)Great price on these and packaging and contents were completely in-tact and flawless; can't wait to borrow them!"		
5	:	"I am extremely pleased with this purchase. First of all, it arrived on time and in great condition. I was a bit skeptical about purchasing due to some of the comments that I read, however, I decided to bite the bullet and make the purchase. There were concerns if the headphones were genuine (as in, true Beats)- yes, they are. These Beats by Dre wireless headphones are the best, I do not know why I waited so long to make the purchase! The sound is crisp and clear and my music sounds like it is live.Setup was not difficult and I like that it automatically pairs with my phone so I can listen to my music. I have a Samsung S7 and it works perfectly- no problems at all.I purchased these headphones for the gym. I lift weights, spin, and run in them. I have not experienced the issue some people complain about regarding sweating (and I tend to sweat when I am running). My headphones still stay on my head. For those that have that issue, I would recommend tying a scarf on your head. It will help hold the headphones in place.Overall, I am a satisfied customer."		
1	:	If you happen to break your hinge of the Beat solo3 headphone the repair cost would be $129.00 plus tax.I declined the service from Apple repair. I will spend the money on other brands instead. I will never buy a beat headphone again.		
1	:	It's fake!!! The sides came out after a month ...unlike the originals which is well glued		
5	:	"My 16 year old got these for Christmas....he says the quality is outstanding!  I say, it better be for the amount it costs!"		
5	:	"I have two pairs of Bowers and Wilkens headphones that probably sound better, but nothing pairs with Apple products as easily, and lasts as long on a charge as these.  They are great for every day use."		
2	:	One of the speakers just stopped working. After looking into this it seems to be a common occurrence with this model.		
5	:	I bought this for my daughter for Christmas. She absolutely loved these headphones. I am thinking about buying a pair for myself.		
5	:	I bought these for my husband for his birthday. He absolutely loves them - the sound is excellent!		
5	:	Wonderful sound.		
5	:	Amazing ! Long battery life.		
5	:	These headphones are pretty amazing. So glad that I got them. Perfect for music lovers. Loving the long battery life and loving not having to carry my phone around the house. For those that are wondering these are the real deal. Definitely would recommend.		
5	:	These are awesome.  Charged em up and turned on my blue tooth paired them up and I was good to go.  Always wanted a pair of these.  So happy :-)		
4	:	Great Wireless headphones. Sinks with all my Bluetooth audio devices including my iPhone.Great sound but could use more bass.		
5	:	"comfortable fit,  delivered quickly  excellent quality  First rate sound"		
5	:	"First set had one side not working when using the cord.  Returned it and second set was great.  Sounds better than our Bose ones, love love them.  Soft and comfortable, and gorgeous design!  Very very happy."		
5	:	"Jacob bought this for me (Victoria) and I absolutely love them... the ear part is a little small, it probably would have been more comfortable if it was bigger. But I still love them. I wear them at the gym to workout a lot."		
2	:	"Product has clearly been opened prior to shipping. The exterior box has damage on its corners and the paper cover on the interior has been crumpled. Also, the package did not include a charger or a phone cable, very displeasing. It also appears to be missing two elliptical components near the bottom of the interior, not easily identifiable."		
5	:	"I use this headphone at least 5-6 hrs a day and it is able to sustain use for about a week before I have to charge it, with charging taking less than an hour to charge fully with a depleted battery."		
1	:	Not even one year of use and they are already broken and won???t keep a charge or turn on.  What???s even worse is the company won???t replace them after I spent over $200 for these and bought 2.  I also bought a 3 year extended warranty and I am being blown off for return or replacement. Obviously the company doesn???t care		
5	:	Sound is super! Use them all day at work. Keeps a charge for a week or so.		
5	:	Do I really need to say anything more? They're Beats Solo3 in rose gold. And this model is actually somewhat affordable compared to the others....esp at this price. on Amazon only!		
1	:	"I wish I could give zero star. The headphone had an issue with sound only coming out from one side of headphone when used with the wire. Returned and recieved a new one 2 days later, Same issue.Horrible product. I will have to make another trip to UPS store to return this garbage."		
5	:	The is the real deal bro????????????.the smell when opening the box is amazing		
5	:	"I have the Solo2 and bought the Solo3 for my wife. I love mine and she absolutely loves hers. Very easy to connect (bluetooth), long battery life and really great sound. They fit great and are comfortable to wear for long periods."		
5	:	LOVE the beats solo3 wireless		
1	:	"So disappointed with these very expensive headphones. They are uncomfortably small and hurt my ears after about 45 minutes. I get a static noise half the time I use them (wirelessly or plugged in). The Bluetooth has major problems connecting every single time, so I end up plugging them in a lot which totally defeats my purpose in buying them."		
5	:	These were a gift for my son and he LOVES them.  Good sound. Good quality product.		
5	:	"Purchased these for my son for Christmas. He Loves these headphones and takes them everywhere with him. He has not had any issues at all. They stay connected and the charge holds for a long time. He uses them everyday. Recommend these headphones, great purchase!!!"		
3	:	"The sound and design of these headphones is super enjoyable as long as it's over 35 degrees Fahrenheit. Otherwise, they turn themselves off after 5-10 mins of exposure to the air. Not a good choice for anyone up north or on the east coast; they shut down in even slightly brisk weather, even with a hood over them! Pretty serious implementation flaw. Cute though!"		
4	:	"A little tight on my ears.  I'd prefer over the ear, rather than on the ear.  But, the near instant pairing is great."		
5	:	"I use these on Boston's old, old subway system where the noise level is high.  The sound is crisp and full range within the envelope of Bluetooth and external noise is kept to a minimum.  Love em."		
5	:	"Brand new, packaged great, arrived fast! Works perfect!"		
5	:	"Before I had this model of beats, I had the Mixer model.  Great quality and I enjoy not having a cord swinging in every direction while I am in the middle of tasks."		
2	:	Beautiful headphones but 4 times the price of very identical top quality non-brand name headphones.  Same your money and look at McKay wireless headphones		
4	:	sound was clear		
2	:	The headphones work great and talking on them when using Bluetooth is very clear on both ends. The problem is that after 8 months the cover on the padding has started to pull away. Even though they are always kept in the case when not in use. I figured for the cost they would have been but together better then they were.		
5	:	Beautiful wireless on-ear headphones. Great sound and comfortable on the ear. I bought 2 for my boys (15 & 17) and they love them. Very satisfied with the long lasting charge and the Bluetooth range. Great gift for anyone.		
5	:	"Great sounding headphones, battery life is good."		
5	:	The first time I plugged them in it took exactly 7 and a half minutes to charge from 6% to 100%! Perfect headphones sounds quality is insane and fantastic color!		
5	:	My son had a pair of the original Beats Solo but one day they snapped when he tried to put them on. He got these and LOVES them.		
5	:	Happy Happy Happy these things are amazing my daughter ordered them and she...		
5	:	I love these headphones and use them every day. The sound quality is great and they're comfortable enough to wear for over an hour without needing to adjust or take a break.		
5	:	Easy pairing and great sound! Only minor complaint would be the sound leakage that other people can hear while you're listening but that applies to most on ear headphones. Would definitely recommend at Amazon's price.		
5	:	Great sound quality. They look better that they do in the picture and definitely feel more comfortable for long term use.		
1	:	Fell in the ground and broke and wasn't covered by the manufacturer warranty luckily I purchased the assurance warranty		
1	:	"Sound is good as expected from the price range , strong bass ( beats quality) . Right side earpiece stopped working a week into using the headset , that's completely unacceptable from a premiumly priced headset .Sound 4/5Battery life 5/5"		
5	:	bought these for my wife.  She loves them.		
3	:	"Bought the product for my daughter and she loves them.HOWEVER, the cord that came with them were faulty. For the price, I expect everything to work perfectly."		
1	:	"Worst product ever!! Have it for less then a year and its falling a part, contacted Amazon and they told me to call manufacture!! awefull customer service..DON'T BUY!!"		
3	:	"Overpriced as all ""Beats"" are.  These are comfortable to wear and the sound performance is really good.  The wireless performance is really good as well.  But, in this price range, you may as well go top notch for the Bose."		
5	:	Great head phones! My grandson loved them for Christmas! He was so surprised!		
5	:	I would recommend to register with Beats. Amazon sells original headphones.		
1	:	"My headphones don't charge and I have to replace the battery. I want to get my warranty in order to go to the apple store to fix them. Less than one year has passed since I purchased the headphones and they already don't work. I want to get my insurance (receipt) or to get a rebate. I have requested this a week ago, but no one got back to me"		
5	:	Love them. Only issue is I should have purchased the matte finish (bought the glossy ones to match my jet black iPhone). Lol. I've only have to charge them once a week (using for 8 hours a day) and it doesn't take long to fully charge!		
1	:	The foam ???leather??? around the has come off and now they are uncomfortable to wear! I have another pair that I purchased from WALMART that I???ve had for 4 years and they still look and sound brand new! GARBAGE! Purchase this item at WALMART! I love amazon but for the money I paid for these ???BEATS??? the only thing they did was BEAT me out of my money!		
5	:	I'm in LOVE with Beats! It will be almost impossible to go back to anything else!		
1	:	"Very disappointed. They are not designed to be kept clean. DO NOT wear them to the gym or any activity where you might sweat. After a very short while, they stink. I tried every cure I could find until finally, even though I didn't get them wet, they died. I wish I would have been warned, I would have spent my money on good headphones that have removable pads."		
5	:	Exceeded my expectations		
5	:	Bought two pairs as they were on sale for the holidays! The turf green ones look amazing. They sound crystal clear with a deep base note. Definitely a good purchase		
5	:	"I. LOVE. THESE. HEADPHONES!!!I received them in the mail the Friday before Christmas and I still haven't charged them. I've been through 3 hour-long workouts, 2 two-hour plane rides, and many more hours of just listening at random times. There have been a couple times I've accidentally left them on and it doesn't drain the battery.I haven't taken a phone call on them for the mere fact that the new iPhone doesn't have a jack and I never have the converter with me, but I didn't really buy these for the phone aspect.The sound quality is phenomenal! Incredible bass, seriously drowns out other noises.Yes, I've only had them for a couple weeks....but seriously. I love these. I'll never go back to earphones."		
5	:	exactly what i wanted ...been contemplating for a while on getting some beats...glad i waited and got the solo 3's ...fit comfortably...cute color and sleek..perfect for wearing at work and working out..clear sound		
1	:	We ordered the product for my son who has worked all summer for this pair of wireless headphones and no matter what we did we could only get sound from one ear. We did get some static while plugged into the phone but that was it. We had to return because who wants to hold the phone and wire in exactly the right spot?		
5	:	Absolutely great sound quality!  Love these ear phones.		
3	:	Love the sound and battery life on these but the right ear has stopped working and Apple only has a 1 year warranty.		
5	:	i love it. very happy with my purchases.		
5	:	"This was a great buy. My beats came in the original box (as you would buy it from the actual beats website), and even came a little bit early. They have great sound and insanely good battery. It was a good idea to get them for cheaper at amazon."		
3	:	Two months...and the right side speaker doesn't seem to work anymore. I was just beginning to enjoy the headset...quite disappointed...considering the usage has been limited at best.		
2	:	After a few months the earphones stopped working. I plug them in but it doesn???t look like it takes a charge.		
5	:	Really love this headphone. Performance is exactly what the product description stated and the actual product looks really beautiful. Definitely worth the money.		
5	:	My son saved up for these and bought them on his own. He likes them. Love that I do not always have to listen to what he is listening to or watching!		
5	:	I got these headphones because of a rose gold. Because it will go good with my phone which is also rose gold!!!! 5/5 ????		
2	:	Only one side of the headphone works. I will google and troubleshoot. Maybe I???m doing something wrong.		
5	:	This is an awesome product! Battery life is spectacular!!!!! Sound is awesome. I wish I bought this first instead of the earbud beats cause those only last 3 months		
5	:	Amazing sound and fit great. I wear these every single day.		
5	:	After spending money here and there on headphones that just do not last we decided to make the purchase for these. They work great. The sound is great and being able to use them wireless is such an added bonus.		
3	:	"Nice quality earphones but I had to send them back.  Too much pressure on my ears, no way to adjust."		
2	:	They work great while they work....didn???t even last a year before one side stopped working.		
3	:	Great headphones. Bluetooth is so simple with apple products. Only complaint is that the right side seems heavier than the left. This makes them uncomfortable to wear.		
5	:	HOW STYLISH CAN I BE AT THE GYM LOL LOVE IT!!!!!		
5	:	"The color is wonderful.  The sound is great.  They do hurt my ears after about an hour or so, but no more than other on ear headphones.  Batter life is amazing.  I really love them."		
1	:	Update: I bought these in December. It is now February and the beats won't charge. Very disappointed		
5	:	these hold a charge for so long I rarely have to ever charge them		
5	:	I bought these headphones for my daughter for Christmas.  She absolutely loves them and uses them all the time.		
5	:	Awesome headphones. Love that you can charge them for 5 minutes and the battery will last 3 hours. On a full charge they last 40. I cant even remember the last time that I charged mine!		
5	:	Got these for my son and he loves them. He was using them on wrestling trips.		
4	:	"My daughter loves this gift very much!The tone quality is very good, the color is very suitable for the girl, only wear the feeling a bit tight, may be the new reason, in general, very good!"		
5	:	"Sent it as a birthday to a good friend, he said: It is amazing to have it, good quality and wonderful functions."		
5	:	I had a beats before and i trust them about d quality.. my girlfriend love d color!!! Nice color!		
5	:	Brand new love them came on a Sunday		
5	:	"No wonder Apple bought the Beats line for so much $$$!!! Awesome sound quality, color is nice, super comfy on your head & work right out of the box, as advertised! Purchased for my fianc??, and she loves them! Getting myself a pair next!Oh, and shipping was faster than stated lead time by a few days!!!"		
3	:	"When I tried them during my normal day, they keep slipping off the top of my head, no matter how I try to keep the headphones steady, including trying by making the head set smaller."		
5	:	"It's a very great pair of headphones. The battery lasts a long time in these. I love how they include an aux cord, so that in case the battery dies you can still play your music. The color is cute, and I got tons of compliments. Y'all have made one satisfied customer."		
3	:	"I really don't know why companies bother to make on-ear headphones. These are really nice, they have AMAZING battery power and really nice sound (I'm not a autophile but it's nice okay), useful controls on the speakers, and a speaker for calls. Unfortunately, I couldn't wear them for more than half an hour because they hurt my ears. Returned"		
5	:	"My wife loves these, and the price was better than in tha cell phone stores."		
5	:	"The only thing I wish would be different about these headphones is ambient noise cancellation when music is not playing. I also wish I could go above a certain volume without people hearing what I???m listening to. Other than that, they???re perfect."		
5	:	Works perfect for me!		
4	:	These are the small beats FYI		
5	:	"Very nice, daughter loves the white and they work great."		
3	:	The headphone quality of the sound is amazing and the volume is perfect.  I don???t like the way the headphones sit uncomfortable after long periods of time.  And the ear cushion material (which feels wonderful) came off after 3 months of having them.  Unfortunately I had to glue it back on.		
5	:	"Amazing quality & price! Beats solo 3 for solo 2 price. When everyone was sold out over Christmas or way too expensive, Amazon didn't let me down! My son loves these headphones!"		
5	:	Perfectly synced to my iPhone and very easily! Love these! I don???t like wearing headbands but these are sooo light I can???t feel them		
1	:	"Received these today and they are difinently not beats. They are the cheapest knock off I can imagine. No power button, no volume buttons, no charging port and no markings of beats at all. I would not buy these with the chance of paying $220 for a product you aren't sure you are receiving. To bad makes me question amazon"		
1	:	"Left ear stopped working after a year and a half and Apple wants to charge me $129 with a $7 dollar shipping charge to fix them.  Apparently when you purchase $250 headphones it is considered ""normal wear and tear"" to stop working shortly after the 1 year warranty is up."		
5	:	I use my Beats wireless headphones occasionally great sounds great life I customize the rim with the rap of my own design so now it's more personal to me and I enjoy owning them also I love how fast they connect to my phone small perk great satisfaction		
2	:	"The Beats went into a reset mode and has no warranty. I say don???t buy. Wireless mode will not come on even when I reset , I paid way to much for this product it???s crap , beats don???t offer warranty be aware. Don???t buy."		
1	:	"bought them for my wife as a birthday gift, she used them for when she went to the gym. After 3 months one of the headphones stopped working. So disappointed, thought they would last longer."		
5	:	"Other than having to get adjusted to using over the ear headphones compared to my preferred in-ear ones, these are fantabulous!"		
1	:	"Less than two months of use, the right side of the earphones don???t work anymore. Never dropped or damaged. All of a sudden they just fizzed out and there???s no way I can get an exchange or refund for it. NOT worth it. I didn???t even use them every day. Maybe once a week."		
5	:	"Got these for Christmas 2017, and I waited until the end of January 2018, to write a review. Let me tell you they are amazingly good. The battery last for hours and the it charges in no time."		
1	:	Purchased the headphones April 2017. By April 2018 the cover on the headphones started to come off. I contacted Apple to repair but they said it would cost $130 to repair because I was out of the one year warranty. now the entire ear muff has come off. I would suggest get an extended warranty if you are going to buy these are buy another product.		
5	:	Great battery life and quality product.		
5	:	"these are def. the real thing. I love them so much. great sound quality and amazing battery life. worth the price considering I would have paid double if I ""leased"" them with sprint."		
4	:	Good sound. Love wireless. Kind of hurt my ears after a while. Hard to wear earrings with and lie down with.		
5	:	"These Beats headphones turned out really well for me. They came in the original package and everything was inside the box, brand new. Definitely better than buying them in store."		
5	:	Love Love Love them. Noise canceling and amazing sound. The battery lasts for ever!		
1	:	8 months old and they are already falling apart.  Total garbage.		
5	:	Bought this for the wife and she hasn't stopped using this.		
5	:	My son loves them they have incredible sound.		
1	:	The padded ear piece came off after 8 months. These should last much longer than that. There is no way to contact the seller either to see if they will replace. Very disappointing.		
4	:	LOVE THE SOUND		
4	:	Love it however the side cover broke off too easily without dropping. Unfortunately for such a high brand and price		
5	:	My wife has been using these everyday without any issue. The color is beautiful.		
5	:	Love these! My daughter loves them. Still working great!		
5	:	"Bought these for my son for Christmas and they were a hit.  I used them and the sound quality is great, they have a good weight to them and they look cool.  They arrived very quickly."		
1	:	"In less than a year, it stopped fully charging"		
5	:	11 year old approved!		
5	:	These are the bomb < charged battery once used it about 6 times.		
5	:	"Its beats,best quality headphone on the market"		
5	:	"Got a pair for myself and my partner, we love them! The fact that you can take a call witlessly is awesome. the price was great too!"		
5	:	Got them as a gift for my son(18). He loves them.		
4	:	The color is not accurate. It looks more off white than gold/rose gold.		
5	:	"Light weight and folds away easily. Sound is not bad, but not as good as I expected."		
5	:	"Bought this for my nephew, he loves then high quality yet stylish!"		
5	:	My 19 year old Son received these for Christmas!  Cant say enough about them!  He loves them!		
5	:	"I had the Beats Studio Wireless headphones and bought the Beats Solo 3 Wireless headphones yesterday. I did a side by side comparison and I gotta say, the Solo 3's sound better.... way better. I know Beats are geared more toward a the low end of the sound spectrum, but I played Hip Hop, Classical, Country, Rock and some Acapela. Every test had the Solo 3's as the clear winner. Even down to the sound isolation, and the Studios have ""noise cancellation"".There's only one negative, it is the carrying case. Could they not make it a tad bigger?! I feel like just one more centimeter of room would have shaved at least 3 minutes off putting them in the bag. ;)I have to be transparent, I got these for $210 on another large retailer's site (think the rain forest). Would I pay 300 plus tax? Probably, but the point is, you can't find them for less, just make sure the place you're buying them from is legit."		
5	:	"Great headphones...I hope they hold up well. I bought mine refurbished and besides the packaging having small tears, I wouldn't have even known they had been used before. Battery was fully charged and all cords were included. I was skeptical of buying them at first but now I'm really happy I did."		
5	:	Use them all the time! The battery life is great. The sound quality is unbeatable.		
5	:	Came in sealed packaging in case you're wondering if this is legit. It's worked great so far I have no complaints!		
5	:	excelent i love it so much		
2	:	The headphones looked used when we opened the box. It didn't have any cords with it so we send them back and went to Best Buy and purchased them.		
1	:	One of the ears stopped playing just after the warranty expired.		
5	:	"sound is awesome, light weight when on my head. color fit . ty love it. will recommend to others..."		
5	:	Expensive but nice		
4	:	Color is unique. Volume and bass is clear and adds more to the music. Voice clarity is superb. Excellent battery life. 40hrs of play time after charge. Mic clarity on Headphones is also good when answering calls from ur phone. Headphone bluetooth picks up phone immediately when turned on		
5	:	"Just awesome! Don't know how studios sound, but these solos r super nice."		
5	:	Best headphones I have ever owned. Easy set up. Look forward to wireless enjoyment. Great value.		
5	:	My granddaughter loves it!		
3	:	Great sound but not comfortable at all . It started to hurt my ears after 10 minutes of use .		
5	:	"By reading some reviews, I almost give up buying here. But mine came intact sealed on the original packaging. It works perfectly. I recommend."		
5	:	Awesome pair of headphones. Love them and absolutely recommend them.		
5	:	"Great description, prompt delivery.... just what I wanted!!!! A+++++++"		
3	:	The battery life is amazing and they don???t hurt your ears after extended use but within nine months one of the cushion covers  started coming off which wasn???t a big deal until the other speaker (left ear) stopped working..technically it???s been less than a year so I???m hoping I can get some warranty support		
3	:	"Power button on the headphones didn???t work.  Can???t power on, switch tracks, adjust volume, etc.  when plugged in everything sounds good.  But I am returning these because for the price the item should work correctly."		
5	:	My daughter loves those headphones. They look great and the sound is amazing!		
5	:	I love these! The clarity is outstanding!		
1	:	I just received these in the mail and I???m very disappointed!  This is my second purchase of beats wireless headphones and the second pair that I???ll have to return due to one side not working!  I see that???s this is a common problem and the only fix is to take the right earpiece off which I???m not doing.  I should have spent my money elsewhere!		
5	:	Great cans at a good price and all the Amazon benefits.		
5	:	Should have bought sooner so pretty & awesome sound quality		
4	:	The refurbished like new headphones are great - you can???t tell they???re not new other than the random crawfish leg I found left in my box.  But otherwise a great deal		
1	:	"Well the wireless blutooth stopped working on these less then 2 years. They will charge but will not turn on, complete junk. I bought these in November 2016, stopped working August 2018."		
5	:	Super easy to begin using and packaged very well!		
1	:	"These broke within a few months (the thin plastic where they fold).  Apple refuses to replace them, even though they are still under warranty, claiming ""accidental damage"".  They will happily fix them for us for $140.  We also bought the protection plan, but cannot use it because the headphones are still under warranty.  What a waste of money."		
5	:	Bought them for my son.  He said they sound great and have a good bass sound		
5	:	"My son loves them, I can hear them from another room while he is listening.  I wish I could put a block on the volume, kids don't use logic when it comes to the damage loud noises can cause.."		
3	:	really enjoyed them in the beginning. Now I can't charge them. tried jumping through multiple hoops with no luck. I need to return them.		
5	:	The sound is amazing and so is the battery life!		
5	:	Awesome gift; my husband loved them		
5	:	Although the price is not great the product is.  Headphones are very clear when listening to music/shows.  When fully charged they stay charged for a long time.		
5	:	"Got these for 12 yo daughter for Christmas. She loves them. They were a good price, too."		
3	:	"I liked the product. It has very good sound quality and its easy to pack to go. But I just tried to redeem the code for the apple music and it didn't work. It said that the ""It looks like you have entered an invalid Serial Number or a product which is no longer eligible for registration"". Hope this get solve soon so I can correct this review."		
5	:	A gift for my boyfriend. he is in love with these beats.		
5	:	I ordered these Beats over a month ago and I???ve just now had to recharge them. The battery lasted over a month. Sound is good too.		
5	:	this came in time and its high quality and an authentic product.lovely and good sound quality. i really recommend this its a bit over for a head phone but its worth it if you get it and listen to music its a good soundi got the silver color looks amazing with my apple macbook retina		
5	:	Love these headphones! Use them 6 days a week for lifting and I hardly ever have to charge them. At one point only one headphone side was working so I called Beats and they replaced it within 3 days. Great service. Highly recommend!		
5	:	"LOVE THEM!!!!!The look is more of a classy rose gold matte, very bitchin!!!"		
4	:	"Not the best sound around, but exceptional playback time (40hours) and easy switching between Apple devices."		
4	:	Smooth padding. Comfortable around your ears. Sounds quality is great.		
5	:	"I already have a set of Beats Studio but they are the wired version. I'm really happy with these Solo 3 Wireless that I just got, needed to cut the cord and I will say they sound as good as or better than my early version Studio headphones."		
5	:	Love these but the look almost white. Wish I had gotten the all blue pair. Work great! Love the button on the side option.		
5	:	Given as a gift.		
5	:	I always see people wear them in the gym and I hated having the cord on the ear buds....I absolutely love them!! The sound quality is 9/10 and its great with the noise reduction!! The rose gold color is great and super stylish if you care about how they look!! They seem to be really great quality! The Case is some what hard but generally soft but is great protection for when you aren't using them! I wasn't sure whether or not to get them due to the price but I am telling you...THEY ARE WORTH THE MONEY!! Stop reading reviews and BUY THEM		
4	:	Very nice sound quality although hurts to keep on your head after awhile		
5	:	"Ok... these bad boys are amazing!  With all the technology entering our life???s, this is one that literally made me say ???wow???... these are special."		
5	:	Daughter loves these! We've bought beats in the past but these are first wireless. They can be used with wire or without and the rose  gold is really beautiful!		
5	:	"Came with carrying case, aux cord, and charging cable. Look and sound basically brand new. No problems at all at this point."		
5	:	"The sound is amazing.  Perfect amount of bass for all kinds of listening.  I like country music, hip hop and pop music... all sound great!  Plus the style and battery life (40 hours) are trend setting."		
5	:	this was a gift for my fiancee and he absolutely loves them!		
5	:	"Got them for my daughter....she???s happy. A week later, I found the exact same ones,  brand new in the box, same color, same size for $100 less on OfferUp."		
5	:	Worth the price!!!! Great sound quality		
5	:	I bought a couple of this for my kids and they love it!		
4	:	"A little too tight on the ears after hour use kinda hurts. Very awesome sound, bass, and blockage of surroundings. Starts to slip off during some workouts though! Love the color!"		
5	:	"What's not to love.  The wireless headphones are easy to connect to your device, and makes working out so much more enjoyable.  No wires anymore for me."		
2	:	Second pair from Amazon that failed. I bought my third pair from Best Buy and have had no issues.		
5	:	Good strong sound according to 11 year old grandson.		
4	:	Worked great for a year and a half but about a week ago none of the LEDS work yet the headphones still work		
5	:	A very good set of headphones		
5	:	Beats delivers cristal clear quality sound. Worth the price if you can afford it. Sustained satisfaction is important to me weather is music or audio books.		
5	:	I was worried about getting an open box item but these were in perfect shape and work great.  I love beats headphones quality and style and love amazon for offering cheaper options to fit my budget!		
5	:	Fabulous Beats. There are never off my son???s ears.		
3	:	Look great crap volume if not using Apple iTunes. Also white padding stains very easily and is not removable to clean.		
5	:	Great price. Love the updated battery life.		
5	:	I love the color (I got the red). Super convenient for the gym - no wires/no restrictions. Also the sound is on point. I???m happy with these		
5	:	"I like the product. No complains except it is so plastic, which makes it look cheap."		
5	:	Fantastic. Sound amazing and battery life is unreal.		
5	:	"So far so good.  Was nervous that they were refurbished, but my daughter didn't know and they work just fine."		
2	:	"Sound quality is amazing, however they arrived broken. The right side folds as it should but the left side hinge is broken it does not latch. I am very disappointed considering how much I paid for them and now I have to go threw the hassel of returning them and once again waiting. So completely frustrating."		
4	:	"They're kind of tight on my head, cause I bit of ache after a while."		
5	:	I am in LOVE with my beats! I have a Samsung Galaxy S7 edge and they connect to Bluetooth with no problems and they sound amazing! Definitely worth the money and they are comfortable. Have been using them for over 2 hours now and I don't want to put them down. Definitely a must buy! :)		
5	:	LOVE THEM		
5	:	"Perfect! It was delivered on time. It's cheaper than what I saw in store with the same spec. Great deal. I love it. I am extremely satisfied with what I purchased. I love its color (rose gold)..very femme. Most importantly, I like the sound quality. I would love to buy another one as a gift."		
5	:	My kids loved it.		
2	:	Not sure if anyone else has these problems but the white ear part is almost completely off my Beats. I don???t even know how to fix them		
4	:	Great sound a bit pricey but these were a gift for my daughter		
1	:	"don't normally right reviews but really bummed about this one, bought for my daughter as a present and product stopped working after 4 months, tried to see if I could return it and get it replaced figured it came with a 1 year warranty, did have a warranty but only 3 months...awesome"		
5	:	I really like this product because when I'm working out in the gym I don't hear any other noise around me and I can focus on my exercising.		
5	:	"I love these headphones! They are my first pair of beats, and I'm really impressed with the noise cancelling and the sound quality. Very crisp! Would recommend them!"		
4	:	Nice Birthday gift for my significant other.  Battery doesnt last as long as advertised but not bad overall. does drain phone battery like all other headphones though.		
1	:	"My son loved these, until the wireless part completely stopped working and none of the fixes worked.  Now he's got tape on one of the earphones as that's falling apart too.  AND it's really impossible to get anyone to fix or replace them.  Insane for the money."		
3	:	After 6 months they are not charging. Reading reviews after the fact and it seems as if this is an ongoing problem for most customers.		
5	:	Purchased for granddaughter for a gift and she absolutely loves them !		
5	:	"Very happy with them, the best price online is here. :)"		
5	:	"I LOVE THESE...I got them for my sister for a Christmas present and whenever i opened them, i wanted some for my self!might have to repurchase them !"		
3	:	"These Solo3 Beats worked great but ultimately ended up returning. The picture is misleading for the color. The Citrus Red color was a really strange combination of red/orange/hot pink in different lights. I got these for my son and the color looked orangy/red like the picture but under other lights, they looked hot pink. I can't have my 13-year-old son walking around with hot pink Beats - Middle School is hard enough! Also, the case that comes with these is small and soft - it was tough to fit everything in and wasn't very protective. I ended up purchasing the very sleek Blue Beats Studio 3. They have the same new Apple chip, are over ear which is more comfortable, and come with a hard protective case."		
5	:	These sound great! My son loves them but I bought myself a cheaper brand for $40 that has similar sound and quality. I let my son wear the status brand headset and don't mind wearing a more less status type brand that still sound good. But if you get these you should be happy with the sound and quality.		
1	:	"Within the first two-to-three months of purchase, the right ear of the headphone just stopped working! I paid $200 for this, just to stop working!? What a joke"		
5	:	MY SON-IN-LAW LOVES THESE!!!!  A PERFECT GIFT!		
5	:	"Gave as a Christmas gift. Was the ""best"" of all gifts according to the recipient--my grandson. He had done his research and thought this headset had the best overall features."		
1	:	"I was under the impression that these are the best you can purchase, however the one side of the headset has broken. This is a very expensive product I expected to last for a at least a few years. I will not recommend Beats, to any one."		
5	:	Love them! Can't keep them off! Work great at the gym!!!		
1	:	The product we received was not Beats Solo3 they were an older version.  We are returning them.Beats Solo3 Wireless On-Ear Headphones - Gold ...		
5	:	excelente  producto		
5	:	"Use them all the time, but only charge like once a month"		
5	:	"If you are lucky and you have the original headphones in your hands - it's a pleasure with detail, quality, timbre, saturation, scene. Stunning headphones. Collected very high quality!"		
5	:	Great headphones couldn't ask for better at this price		
2	:	I bought these for my boyfriend back in July and they have already stopped working. They aren???t holding a charge and do not last as long as they said they would. The window to return them has already closed so I guess I am just out the money. Kind of ridiculous they are so expensive and died within less than 6 months. I am definitely not very happy about it! Super frustrating!		
5	:	These are 100% authentic. I bought the solo beats 3 decade edition absolutely pass every test and serial nu.ber registered with apple beats registration. A little to much bass quality when trying go turn up for high words. Ut other than that A++! HEAD PHONES and glad o bought another pair.		
5	:	"Very good sound quality, i wanted a replacement for my old beats solo hd and these were beyond my expectation. The battery life is incredible and I only charged it once since christmas. Bluetooth doesnt skip a beat when im across my whole house. One of the best headphones in the market."		
5	:	Headphones for being used work amazing. Very satisfied with the product and very grateful I got them for as cheap as they were		
5	:	Crisp sound with powerful bass-- great deal.		
5	:	"Purchased for a gift for my son. He loves them, seem to be well made. Haven't listened to the my self but he says the sound great."		
1	:	This is the 2nd pair I have had and after 3 months they don't take a charge and are now junk.		
1	:	"After almost a year only one ear works ... for the money and support , thumbs down"		
3	:	"Apple should fix the microphone issue, can not talk on the phone using the  headset cause people hear a lot of noise but can not hear your voice clear. not worth the 200 dollars."		
1	:	"Got an unsealed box of beats, i returned them immediately. I wasn't going to pay full price for used beats."		
2	:	Bluetooth doesn't work already. I've never dropped them and barely have any scratches so I'm not quite sure what the issue is. I've tried to charge but the headphones aren't responding and only work if I use the chord. Wouldn't recommend based on this experience considering the price it isn't good value.		
5	:	Great battery life and amazing bluetooth distance. You could leave your phone in a locker at the gym and not have to worry about the bluetooth cutting out.		
5	:	My son was so excited to get these Beats. They are awesome.		
5	:	I love my wireless beats.  I never want to go back to my Apple headphones.  I use these mainly at the gym and it blocks everyone out around me and I???m able to focus!  Highly recommend spending the money.		
5	:	The sound is incredible on the headphones and my daughter loves them.  they were a great purchase and i will be buying myself a pair in the future.		
1	:	Fake don???t buy		
4	:	I use these every day and LOVE them. My only complaint is that they die SO fast!		
4	:	"This was a gift for my brother???s birthday. At first, one side was not giving off sound and we thought it was broken but after powering it off and on both the headphone and his phone, it worked fine. I guess it was just a Bluetooth error or something. Besides that, they are good."		
5	:	Sound quality		
5	:	"Clear sound, great fit"		
5	:	what great sound at any volume		
5	:	My husband wears them when he is working in the shop.  He says they are great.		
4	:	"Very excellent headphones! The leather quality is amazing! Music sounds great, especially the bass. Only problem I have is that after a while they become a bit uncomfortable in the ear, otherwise I have no issues, and would recommend any day."		
5	:	Awesome sound and love the bluetooth.		
1	:	After a few months they stopped working for no reason. Sound quality is not worth the price. Buy BOSE.		
5	:	Sound and battery quality is great so far my son loves them		
5	:	"Package arrived undamaged, unopened, and appears to be brand new. Just what I wanted"		
3	:	stopped taking a charge.  had to look on youtube to find a fix to get it to charge again.		
5	:	Excellent headphones. Great quality. Would buy again		
5	:	Absolutely blown away!!!! CRISP CLEAR AND AMAZING Sound quality only thing I regret is not buying then sooner		
4	:	Useful and reliable item as it has come in handy often.		
4	:	Amazing sound and fit. Hair snags between the cover and the frame though.		
5	:	Awesome!!! My son loves them		
2	:	Couldn't hear anything out of one side after a month. Too late to send back for a refund.  :-(		
5	:	"These work great.  Charge is not the best, but very comfortable and they sound just like you think they should.  Great!  A bit pricey!!!!"		
5	:	good		
5	:	I love them.		
1	:	Update. 3rd pair of headphones with the same problem. Foam separated from the ear. DO NOT BUY. SEE PHOTOSThe foam and leather ear cups have pealed off. Amazon replaced the headphones but the replacement pair suffered from the same problem. Called beats as it is under one year old. Beats claims it is cosmetic and therefore not covered under the warranty. BTW  the replacement pair did the same thing and apple replaced them.  So now I am on my 3rd pair of these.  Apple said they would not repair them so they replaced them (NICE) but i am certain it will happen again.		
5	:	Beats are the best!!		
1	:	Purchased in December. Left ear went out in February		
1	:	One side of the headphones stopped working on both pairs that I purchased.		
5	:	These are great for traveling or listening to a tv show. One of things that is great is these don???t have to be charged everyday. Negative hard to control volume when it???s on head as controls are on side.		
5	:	11 yo daughter used the AMazon gift cards she had received over the past couple of years.  She loves them!		
4	:	"These headphones have many awesome qualities such as the 40 hour battery life and light weight, although they are very uncomfortable and squeeze my head when I wear them for too long. I constantly take them off because the padding on the cups are small and can become warm."		
4	:	My husband loves red and great wireless headphones		
1	:	"Counterfeit and low quality headphones came from China. Beware, do not buy."		
5	:	Great. Have had for a year now and still works great and looks good.		
1	:	I???ve had these headphones for about 6 months or so but when I went to put them on today the right side of the headphones isn???t producing a single sound. Great product but if they only last 6 months definitely not worth the money.		
5	:	Bought these beats twice. First bought them as a gift for my boyfriend and then ended up loving his so much that I had to have a pair for myself! =)		
5	:	These headphones are so much better than the solo 2 corded ones.  My daughter loves them and wears them continuously with no issues.		
5	:	Amazing quality/comfort/sound and looks gorgeous.		
5	:	work really well and it is so nice to walk around with headphones		
5	:	I am confused with the other reviews that says that this is not an original product. I was kind of scared at first because I thought I will be receiving a bootleg version but I was pleasantly surprised that that was not the case.		
5	:	Just got these yesterday but I LOVE them so far! The wireless makes it so convenient to workout with and the sound quality is great.		
5	:	My niece was really looking forward to getting these headsets and she loved it.		
5	:	"My husband swears by these and truly loves them. When the ear padding off an old pair got ripped off by a cat after a couple of years, we immediately had to get the new ones. These are wonderful."		
5	:	daughter loves them		
1	:	Do not buy this item from amazon.The item came defective and didn???t work at all.I contacted customer service but they declined to do anything about it.they wouldn???t even issue a refund.even though it was their fault for not checking the inventory.		
5	:	Great sound. Great Quality. One issue with the cover that comes with it is too small and its difficult to put that head set in that cover.		
3	:	They sound great but after 10 minutes they really hurt your ears. I wear a smaller size fitted hat. I wonder how bad it is for those with bigger heads. They do hold a charge great.		
5	:	Battery life is excellent - sound is good		
5	:	Amazing sound and very good battery life		
1	:	"Worst product I ever bought on here!!!It was greasy and full of fingerprints and lint.Cords want even wrap, USB and earphone jack was nasty. The beats have scuff marks. When I when I plug the ear jack in the right side didn't have sound coming out of it.  Didn't even change the name from Uriel."		
5	:	My gf loved it. Sounds good. Im going to buy one for me now		
5	:	Granddaughter wears these all the time!!!		
5	:	Legit product.		
5	:	The boys love these things.		
5	:	In perfect condition. New is box. Sound amazing!		
5	:	"Don't remember the price I paid, but these have turned out to be extremely great headphones"		
5	:	Great headphones!		
5	:	My son loves them .  Great sound experience.		
5	:	It's a perfect gift for teenager. She loves it.		
5	:	"amazing quality and sound, for anyone having issue with the headphones turning off in cold weather just wear a winter hat over the headphones when you are outside and then wont turn off"		
5	:	"Absolutely Awesome! Have used near enough everyday since purchase, have only charged for 15 mins in total. Battery and Sounds is amazing!"		
5	:	my beats workd beautifully!		
5	:	"Purchased them as a gift for the hubs. He loves them, and made specific mention that the range is outstanding."		
5	:	awesome deal		
5	:	Love it so much		
5	:	"Good sound quality, very comfortable to wear. The amount of plastic these are made of it a little concerning."		
5	:	I purchased these. They are authentic and registered with Apple. I am very satisfied with the quality and the price of this item.		
5	:	"Outstanding sound, fit and battery. The controls integrate perfectly with my apple devices too."		
5	:	Excellent sound quality and fit.  Purchased these for my daughter and she loved the rose gold color.		
5	:	Excellent product!  I sent it to Tibet to my niece who is a singer.  She loves it		
2	:	The earphones look used and dirty will return		
1	:	"I am really upset. I bought these headphones on Wednesday, September 19th and they  we???re working just fine I put my headphones on today on Tuesday, September 25th and the left side wasn???t working so I don???t know if the headphones that I bought were used or brand new"		
5	:	Gift for my hubby. He loves them and I agree the sound is amazing.  Amazon was the best price around for them.		
5	:	"These headphones are amazing!!! Not only do they deliver exceptional sounds, they also work as noise lowering. When i'm in a very crowded place, I can just put these on and the volume lowers by at least 1/2!! The only downside to these is that they can make your ears a little sore beyond an hours use, but the headphones are worth it."		
5	:	Daughter love it		
5	:	"Shipped quick  at a great price and it is an awesome product!!! Seller exceeded expectations, A+++++"		
1	:	had product less than a year & already broke		
5	:	great!		
4	:	Sounds great and got them on sale so that's always a plus		
5	:	"I love everything about them, sound is great, really nice for running in and blocking out sound, i use them on my phone as well.There is nothing I do not like about them."		
5	:	Very happy with the product! I would recommend buying the hard case for around 15$ as the soft case that comes with the headphones doesn't offer much protection.		
5	:	"lightweight, battery life is great. color rose gold is sick"		
5	:	"I commute to work everyday and I have to have my music, (if you ride the NYC subway you???ll understand why) and I was tired of the apple earphones, always getting caught on other people???s bags, hands, arms, umbrellas, etc.... Plus that thing doesn???t last, I was going through them like crazy, and they are not cheap. I decided to get a beats after hearing so much about it, and boy it was worth the investment. I got it over a month ago, I use it everyday for about 3-4 hours a day, sometimes at home too and I only had to charge it once, it actually blocks a lot of noise and sound quality is amazing, plus it???s sleek and well made. The only thing tho, is that it doesn???t work if the temperatures are too low, the winter in the east coast has been brutal, and the temperatures got so low that I was walking to the subway and the headphones kept turning itself off, I had no idea it did that, had to google to find out because I was already thinking I got a bad one. Other than that I couldn???t be happier with it!"		
5	:	My son Love these!sound quality is remarkable size is great!		
5	:	"Amazing quality, thank you!!!!!!!"		
5	:	"These are BEAUTIFUL! The images do these headphones no justice. I am blown away by how gorgeous they are, AND how amazing the music/sound quality is!"		
5	:	Christmas present for my daughter.  She's going to love them		
5	:	They are great! My boyfriend loves them and he says they come in very handy when he's benching in the gym because his old pair had a cord and it always got caught in between his arms and body. Now he doesn't have to worry about a cord at all anymore. I'm glad I chose these headphones for him. :)		
4	:	Gift		
5	:	Great product and exactly what we wanted. Fantastic deal!		
5	:	These headphones sound great. They are also quite comfortable for me to wear. I struggle with finding headphones that aren't too tight on my ears and these are snug but not too tight for me. These are a major step up from an old wired pair I was using.		
5	:	Love these so much! Use them everyday.		
5	:	good		
5	:	Charge lasts for weeks on end with me using them daily at the gym. So happy with this purchase. Sound quality is excellent compared to my wireless ear buds.		
5	:	I purchased this for my son ( 16) and he acutually loves them my niece purchased a pair and loves them as well		
5	:	FAVORITE!! These headphones exceeded expectations. I have small ears but they fit perfectly and the sound quality is amazing. Highly recommended.		
1	:	The device is defunct. It has only voice for left when connected with Bluetooth and I can not exchange it through amazon unfortunately. I wanted to exchange it with an in-ear headphone		
5	:	They are excellent. Glad I bought them and I wasn???t disappointed.		
5	:	"My 15 year old daughter loves these. Very high quality and comfortable to wear, not to mention they look very pretty."		
5	:	work great and super quality.		
5	:	The battery last a very long time. The sound quality is amazing. I used to have other beats prior to this but not wireless. Witless is best!		
5	:	"I'm no audiophile, but these  headphones are fantastic. And when they tell you they get 40 hours, Love them!"		
5	:	We did Christmas early because we are going on a cruise and these were on my 13 yr olds list....they are awesome. They have the best sound and so comfortable. Great size too!!!! She was so excited when she opened them!!!		
5	:	"One side came defected and they right away send a new one. The headphones are awesome, is a must buy."		
5	:	My daughter loves them. Worth the money.		
5	:	I bought these for my boyfriends Christmas present. He loves them		
1	:	"What can I say, They were great while the lasted, but no more.  They suddenly died, and will not work.  Did not drop them, or abuse them at all...What the heck...$250 down the drain.  Repairs will be over $100....No, don't by beats....they don't last."		
5	:	"Bought them for my daughter, she loves them."		
5	:	Love them!		
5	:	"I call these my daughters boy friend, she love them and the price was great."		
5	:	My daughter loves them.....can't wait until I get to use them		
5	:	"great seller, product exactly as described, quick shipping & arrived way before the holiday, couldn't be happier thank you!"		
5	:	Really happy with my purchase. Ive been wanting a pair of Beats for a while now. i love the sound quality and the bluetooth microphone.		
3	:	"The sound is great, and they look awesome, but they hurt my ears so badly! I wish that I could exchange them for over the ear headphones, but I missed the return window. It's painful to even wear them for a half an hour. Really bummed."		
5	:	Great		
4	:	the color is more beige than rose gold		
5	:	"I love these headphones.  Good audio quality, but the best thing about them is the battery life.  Battery lasts roughly 2-3 weeks easily of medium daily usage.  Highly recommend these headphones."		
5	:	Very good		
5	:	Excellent headphones.  Good sound and noise blocking.  Sound clear even from the next room.		
5	:	"Beats always have seemed to pricey to me. But I decided I prefer over the ear head phones the best. However my head is small and my ears are smaller so it works. I truly am enjoying the head set. The w1 chip works great I enjoy I can connect and go. And it was worth the price for me. Would have preferred a hard case with the Solo3 but still good investment for me. It also got here right in time too.Another update: I have been using these at work for my Skype calls and listening to music to drown out construction and for almost 7 to 8 hours of continuous use they do not hurt my ears or make them sore. I can not say that for other people but I do find them very comfortable for long ware time.Another update - I haven't used them while working out but I'm sure they will fall off my head. They do fit snugly when you first get them but will lose respect up over time. However, I love the Beats Soli 3s.1. Convienance factor2. The charge last for 3 to 4 days at 30-50 % volume for 16 hours a day for me3. Connection between windows devices as well as appleI am not and audio engineer but I know the deep bass on these are evident. But I like it regardless."		
5	:	It???s the best headphone what I have . Love my gift		
1	:	"I was excited for these headphones, paying over $200 for these things, I definitely would not have guessed that they were going to malfunction after 2 weeks of use. I was pretty disappointed. On top of that they make my ears overheat, not the most comfortable headphones out there.But the headphones were sure sexy af!"		
1	:	Didnt even make it a year.  I'm a 43 year old sahm that only used them at night in bed.  VERY DISAPPOINTING		
5	:	"Awesome product! Works great... Great quality, nice sound, connected great to all devices."		
5	:	"Best headphones I've ever owned.  I got them for the gym, but use them all them time now.  Love the bluetooth feature."		
5	:	Pretty cool accessory to have. Great full sound.		
5	:	i love my new beats!! they are really great!! they are super prettty as well... also i think that i was amazing that they came charged being that i had to go somewhere where i needed them!  i would recommend these to anyone and i love them!  ????????????		
5	:	"Fantastic Product. The sound quality is amazing and they are extremely comfortable and light,  not to mention they also look great."		
5	:	"These have been great.  Awesome sound, daughter loves them."		
5	:	beautiful headphones! the rose gold is stunning and the quality of the sounds is truly amazing!		
5	:	Granddaughter loves them.		
2	:	"I bought these as an anniversary gift for my husband and he has used them almost every day since. Unfortunately, the leather started to separate from the headphone and now the foam is exposed. The worst part is these are  only 2 months old. Too bad I just past the 1 month return window on Amazon."		
5	:	"My teen, and all her friends, love these."		
5	:	"I am very happy with this product.  It arrived fast, and does the job it advertises.  A++ transaction all around."		
5	:	My daughter loves her headphones!!		
5	:	So sexy		
5	:	"What can I say, you deliver a wonderful product Everytime. The colors are even better in person. Super duper excited to own. Also, easy to setup with my Google Pixel XL."		
5	:	"Very impressed.  I was a little hesitant to buy given the price point, but I'm very glad I did.  From the airport to the gym to home, from music to movies to TV, these are great, versatile headphones.  The sound is very balanced, and I love that when watching a movie or TV, there's definitely a surround sound effect. Like most Apple products, controls are very intuitive (mostly from the left ear cup).  The weight is enough that they feel secure on your head, but still unobtrusive.  I wasn't sure how I'd feel with on-ear vs. over-ear headphones, but these are very comfortable, even when wearing glasses and earrings.  Apple's W1 chip makes pairing these with any Apple device a snap (literally takes under ten seconds), and pairing with other devices is easy as well.  At 40 hours, battery life can't be beat.  I'm not sure of the max distance for the Bluetooth connection, but I did try leaving my phone upstairs while I did housework downstairs, and I heard no difference in the music.As for aesthetics: these are very attractive. The design is simple and not too flashy.  I bought the rose-gold color, which is more of a goldish-copper.  Definitely not too pink.  My mom has the red, and it strikes the right balance between fire-engine and cherry red."		
5	:	Love these! Nothing bad to say great quality and battery life! The noise canceling is amazing especially on the airplane! Highly recommend!		
5	:	i was very iffy about the price and the things that came with the head phones but everything did come and it came nicely packaged and for those that have Android it does connect easily to your phone.		
5	:	a gift well received		
5	:	"Ugh. What can I say. It fulfills the dreams of any basic white girl such as myself. Gorgeous, hassle free, perfect."		
5	:	So far they've definitely gotten the job done		
5	:	My wife loves and uses them at the gym 4 days a week		
5	:	awesome product		
5	:	All around good headphones. No complaints.		
3	:	Purchased my Beats wireless headphones around February of this year.  Now the right side audio has stopped working.  May be a  flaw since while researching I found this a common complaint.  I paid over $200 for this.		
4	:	Great sound		
5	:	My Son Loves his Beats!		
4	:	Love these just to start out but the only con is it hurts my right ear after a long time of wearing them which is expected. FIRST TIME BUYER of Dr.Dre Beats so I don't know if that's normal. Anyway very good sound and bass for ANY GENRE OF MUSIC I heard it's more for rap or hip hop but I played rock and it sounded just as awesome. So great buy.		
5	:	"sound wonderful, long charge, easy Bluetooth connect to multiple devises, stays connected while using, no drops"		
1	:	"I liked my product initially but after purchasing in July 2017 and forwarding to now February 2018; the one speaker is going out. If I'm paying $200 for headphones, I'd hope they would last longer than a year. I use them at the office so they aren't in an intense environment of use. Don't waste your money!"		
5	:	I bought these headphones for my daughter for Christmas. She had been asking for them for months. She says the sound is like no other she has heard before. She wears them everywhere.		
1	:	This is the 2nd pair of beats I have owned where the right ear speaker stops working !!!!!		
5	:	perfect		
5	:	met expectations		
5	:	"Bought these for the gym. Sound quality is great, easy to program to blue tooth"		
5	:			
5	:	LOVE THESE. the sound is absolutely amazing and they make the gym so much better		
2	:	"I loved these. Like LOVED LOVED these. However, it???s been less than a year and the earphone cushion is already coming apart from the headphone. You can see underneath. And here doesn???t seem to be anything to fix or help me with this problem."		
5	:	Wife loves them		
5	:	"This is exactly what I wanted for a price that made me so happy! It came in the original packaging, still in shrink wrap. I love them so much and I'm so happy I found these!! If you are thinking about ordering beats, I definitely recommend these because you can't beat the price for a brand new pair anywhere else."		
5	:	My son loves the solo 3 headphones.		
5	:	"My daughter absolutely loves these headphones! I borrowed them on the airplane and they are the clearest headphones I've ever used. They really do cancel all other noise. In addition, they are extremely comfortable, feels close to wearing no headphones at all. The rose gold color is gorgeous as well. Love them!"		
5	:	I'm in fear of getting ear problems because I never take these things off!  NEVER.  Battery life is fantastic... can use them all day long and plug in and the battery is only down one bar from full.		
5	:	Great headphones. I listen to music a lot and these beats are maybe a little expensive but  they are worth every penny. You should probably also get the 4 year warranty too. The battery life last forever and they are very comfortable.		
5	:	I love these headphones. Great fit and comfortable. The added bonus is they look nice too.		
5	:	Love that I don't have to charge like every day or three etc. charge last long. Just wish they are a little louder.		
5	:	Love these headphones! Sounds as if I'm in the same room with the artist. The rose gold color is very soft & feminine! Well worth the price!		
5	:	teenager loves it		
5	:	"Great product!! Original product! Sound, base and tremble is amazing! Great battery life. I would purchase this again."		
1	:	"battery ran out and won't let me charge. tried different power supplies and cables but no luck. tried to reset it by pressing??? every possible combination while connected to a charger, still no luck.what a useless piece of trash. complete waste of money."		
5	:	"Awesome sound, easy to set up"		
5	:	I bought these as a Christmas present for my son. After reading some reviews I was a little concerned he would have trouble connecting these to Android phone but it was effortless and quick. Great sound and they fit firmly on his head. Would definitely recommend these.		
5	:	"These were bought for my dad because he was in a hospital bed and was not able to watch and listen to TV, so I got them to go along with an iPad to make things easier for him. Great product!"		
1	:	"don???t buy. the solo series is defective, the left side Will stop working. The same thing happened with my friend who bought from this seller."		
1	:	"Absolute garbage, broke after 2 months of light use. Cannot connect to Bluetooth anymore and can't turn off without resetting."		
5	:	The Beats Solo3 Wireless Headphones are the best.  I hardly have to charge them.  They really do hold a 40-hour charge.		
5	:	My son loves them - wears them constantly		
4	:	"well build beat solo3 headphone, only bad thing its long wearing makes my ear pain."		
5	:	Oh my gosh! Best headphones I've ever owned!		
5	:	Wife Loves it. It was a replacement to the old ones		
5	:	The bass!!! Yess!!!		
5	:	AAA+++		
5	:	"These were purchased for a Christmas gift for my 15 year old grandson. He told his mom that they were the best present ever, and that is over his hover board!"		
5	:	greatr		
5	:	I love them!		
5	:	Excellent...my son loves loves loves them		
5	:	Wow!		
5	:	great price and works great super long battery life		
1	:	"These headphones just fall apart and then Apple will refuse to repair them. Within 5 months the hinges break because the are very poor quality, especially for something that costs this much."		
5	:	"These sound amazing and the battery last for ever.  Ive had these for months now, use them 7 days a week at the gym and have just charged them for the 3rd time.  LOVE THEM"		
5	:	Muy buenas lo mejor.		
5	:	"great,I purchased this a a xmas gift and the recipient is really enjoying them."		
5	:	Came as if I just bought them from the apple store! Love these headphones.		
5	:	Son loves these and we loved the price.		
5	:	everything i wanted and more		
5	:	definaiely would buy again		
5	:	Best set of headphones I have owned		
5	:	One of the best purchases I have ever made regarding headphones! Awesome sound quality and distance range!!		
5	:	"I LOVE them! High quality! Great sound, I would reccomend buying a hard shelled case for them instead of the soft one that comes with the beats themselves."		
5	:	"My husband says, ""These work perfectly for drowning out the idiots at work!""Great quality, I've tried and tried and I can't run the battery down! They hold a charge forever!!!"		
5	:	"The sound is amazing, deep bass. They may not be known for noise cancelling, but they do a great job of it! The only reason I may return them is because they are too tight and squish my ears (I do have a big dome, to be fair)."		
5	:	These are awesome! They sound great and the battery life lasts really long.		
5	:	I enjoy these so much!! Shipping was sup late but Amazon was accommodating.  The color is beautiful and I love that they aren't bulky!!		
5	:	"Love the headphones. Got them at a good price.  Works well for listening to music and talking on the phone.  Very lightweight and comfortable, which was an unexpected big surprise."		
1	:	Poor quality. 2nd set of these that have stopped working in the right ear piece. Bought this last pair for a Christmas present and 2 1/2 months later the right ear piece will not play sound. Called Amazon and we are stuck with them. Will not purchase again!		
5	:	Great buy!		
5	:	These are great they really work awesome!!!		
5	:	Exactly what I was looking for in a wireless over the head headphone for the gym. The battery life is great. It lasted two weeks with working out everyday.		
5	:	"Great headphones, and great customer service from PDAs_plus."		
1	:	"These were great ... initially! In just over a year, the headphones are barely functioning including the left side of the headphone being completely dead.  Very disappointed......"		
5	:	"This is my first pair of beats. I've had them for about a month now and they have Good sound and quality so far. Connects to my iPhone with absolutely no problem. Battery life is out of this world. Those 40 hours really come in handy. Noise cancellation is good. It really helps when I need to study or sit to myself. Plus, Apple covers any technical issues for a year. I'm pretty satisfied."		
5	:	"was a present for my daughter, she loves them! battery lasts forever! a bit pricy..."		
5	:	"Gift for someone else, they use them all the time!"		
1	:	I own the original black ones I got at the mall and when I put these pink ones on they didn???t feel nor sound nearly the same.  Personally I believe these are fake beats and so I returned them within a minute.  Very disappointed!		
5	:	"Daughter loves these headphones, sound is great, they are comfortable and the color matches her phone."		
5	:	Was skeptical at first because they were used but these looked brand new out the box with no issue. Love these and the color.		
5	:	Nice and loud		
5	:	Yes I love them!		
4	:	So far work great just the only thing is they can start to hurt your ears after wearing too long. Sucks. But good audio!!		
4	:	"Great set of headphonea, smooth sound no issue with connections...."		
5	:	works fine...as new		
5	:	My 17 year old daughter loves the color.  She is overall very happy.		
5	:	These are great headphones!		
5	:	"Amazing bluetooth headphones. very comfortable on ear for 1-2 hours even though they are on ear.Sound quality is great, as compared to the counterparts and the price they come in for. i am happy i made good decision of buying it"		
5	:	They fit my head perfectly and it doesn???t leave me feeling uncomfortable		
5	:	Dre don???t play		
3	:	Use my beats on a fairly regular basis at the gym and the office. Have had them for a little over a year but recently the Bluetooth stopped working and now they won???t turn on or even charge. Tried resetting them multiple times with no luck.		
5	:	"Exactly as expected, love them so much. I received them in December, it is now January 25th and i have yet to charge them. The battery life is amazing and the quality is real. I was very skeptical at first but then they arrived and they are a genuine pair of beats"		
5	:	I got my headphones right one time. It came in the original packaging and everything. So far I love them. The sound quality is amazing! I read some reviews that the Bluetooth didn't work. Mine syncs up everytime. So far so good. I love these.		
2	:	Loved them while they worked.  The Bluetooth went out on them 6 months in.  Tried resetting them but nothing works.  Have to have them plugged in now.  Lame.		
5	:	"I mean no review is needed. I mean come on, they're beats lol. But i hate these things i bought them for my boyfriend and theyre constantly on his ears or around his neck. You woulda thought it was a gift from the gods! Uhhhggggg!!!"		
5	:	"After looking for a quality headset for sometime, I decided to go with Beats Solo 3. Great decision.  Good sound, very comfortable and the battery life is ridiculous.  Finally found a wireless headset with good call quality."		
5	:	"These are so great! I just got them today and have been wearing them ever since! They don't hurt my ears and have a great sound. Plus, they haven't even died yet, with 70% still in em! Definitely worth buying! (These are real beats- 101%)"		
5	:	Greatest wireless headphones on the market		
5	:	The Beats earphones are as attractive as their sound is great.		
5	:	"Sounds great, my son loves them!"		
3	:	Beats are excellent in terms of sound quality! The reason why I put three stars instead of five is that ears hurt during long sessions (45 minutes to an hour +). Very disappointing for a product worth $220.		
5	:	I bought two pairs as presents for my wife and for my son.  They both like them very much.  Connecting them to Apple devices was very easy and there are no issues when switching them between iPhone and iPad.  My wife also was able to pair to a 2016 Apple TV w/o any issues and now she can watch her favorite show late at night without waking me.  The headphones are well made and they seem to be balanced but a bit heavy on the lows and bass for my taste.  I guess this is expected since people tend to buy these because of the extra bass punch.  The battery seems to last a long time in between charges.  Overall my family is very pleased and I recommend these headphones.		
5	:	Good		
4	:	"Good sound ,decent price. I thought I would be able to pair them with something other than an apple product"		
5	:	Very nice. Works very well.		
5	:	Arrived fast. Christmas gift for grandson. He loves them.		
5	:	Very good headphones. I recommend these to everyone.		
5	:	Just as described.		
5	:	the sound is amazing.  I gave these as a gift to my daughter and now I want a pair for myself.		
5	:	"Amazing, I purchased a pair for myself and one as a Christmas gift wonderful, just great sound"		
5	:	"Being an electrical engineer myself and having seen the electronics retail industry closely for years now, I've seen many headphones come and go. If you want decent sound quality, noise cancellation and ergonomic fit to ears, you need to shell out close to a hundred bucks. Bose and Beats have surely got them right but out of reach for many. I was looking around for a cheap and good one under $25. After spending some time comparing various brands, I went for Otium.I fell in love with them right from the start. I gifted a pair to my girlfriend and my younger brother and they talk highly of it too.Pros:1. I am a prime member, so I received them within 48 hours. Though there was nothing that could break, amazon took great care while packing. Otium provided a nice box (not a pouch!!) which keeps the headphones clean and untangled.2. Connecting to my iphone was very easy and intuitive, took me less than 2 minutes.3. The silicon ear hook fit perfectly in my ears unlike other headphones of similar price range and significantly more comfortable. I have worked out with them for 3 weeks with my spectacles on, and they haven???t fell off once.4. They come with two sets of additional ear padding, so that you can find the best fit with your ear size.5. Noise cancellation and sound quality are its biggest selling point to me. To be honest, it exceeded my expectations.6. Battery life is decent. I work out 4 days a week for an hour and one-time full charge is enough to get me through the week.Cons:1. Although battery life is decent, the headphone dies within 10-15 minutes of first warning of low battery. A little improvement on battery or an early warning would really help.2. I haven???t tested the water proofing yet, but I am little skeptical about the water proofing rating. As Wikipedia puts it, ???There are no hyphens in a genuine IP code. IPX-8 (for example) is thus an invalid IP code???. The product description reads ???IPX-7??? and ???100 % prevents ordinary splashing water and rain???. FYI, IPX7 means that product has been tested 30 minutes under immersion, up to a depth of 1m.Verdict:  They are a bang for your bucks. Go for them if you want ???Beat???esque sound quality in less than 1/5th the price. Go for them if you are working out, as long as you don???t plan to swim wearing them."		
5	:	"Love these headphones, the signal is strong so that i can listen to music with no issues with my phone being across the room and had no issues with dropped signals. They have great balanced sound with nice but not overpowering bass and feel quite comfortable while wearing them. The design is nice and won't fall when moving so these are decent headphones for jogging. this is a great deal for 24$ as these have outperformed 60/70$ headphones in terms of quality. Good buy"		
5	:	"I love these headphones!  I purchased them because I am starting to run and my standard iPhone headphones kept falling out of my ears.  These fit snugly around my ear and stay in place without any adjustment needed over the course of my several mile run.The bluetooth pairing works great, it is easy to adjust the volume, great sound, and the battery life seems excellent so far.  Just the other day I got caught in the rain while running and thus unintentionally tested that rain had no negative impact on these!Attached is a video showing onboxing and initial pairing."		
5	:	"I mostly use these headphones for working out. Sound is excellent, Bluetooth is flawless - including call clarity the few times I've used it - and they seem to hold a charge for the stated 8-9 hours of continuous play. Save some $$$ and get these!Update: These started acting odd - disconnecting from Bluetooth and then shutting down - after about a month of use. Seemed to happen most when working out, possibly a moisture issue as normal function returned after a day or two. Now, two months into use, they refuse to connect to my phone or other Bluetooth devices at all. I've contacted Otium about a replacement. Will update when I hear back."		
5	:	"I haven't found any earbuds that stay in my ears. These stay in my ears. The loop is painless and doesn't feel uncomfortable, and allows me total freedom while I listen to anything on my phone."		
5	:	"Simply the BEST bluetooth headphones I have used. Excellent sound with good bass. They stay in place with soft flexible around the ear clips and multiple sized soft silicon ear tips for custom fit. They pair easily and stay connected with no signal drop out. The carrying case is convenient and protects the headphones and charging cable and the set of different sized ear tips. Fully charged headphones seem to last a week or more during my daily 1 hour exercise. Changing music tracks is easily accomplished with a long press of the + volume. Sound volume level is very extensive from silence all the way to VERY LOUD. Phone calls are easily made and understood with simple press of the power button.UPDATE: Excellent customer support for warranty service. After six months of daily use, the headphones no longer charged. Replacement set was sent in less than a week. My new headphones work perfectly."		
5	:	Great headphones... the are comfortable and had good sound.  The do a good job of blocking out of the sound around you... no noise cancelling but their fit aids in that function.  They come with a nice carrying case.  They charge relatively quickly... just over an hour for full charge and last for many hours of constant listening.  The waterproof feature is great... on the treadmill or out in the rain... they keep working.  The have a flat cable connecting them.  so far.. one of my favorite ear buds.		
5	:	Very comfortable with three sets of replaceable ear plugs. Works great with my iPhone and Mac pro.Like the control for volume and track. Hard cover case provides good protection and easy to carry.		
5	:	I own several bluetooth headphones and these wireless headphones with the flexible ear hooks are my favorite. Particularly because they don???t fall out and fit comfortably around my ears. I have oddly small eardrums and the small earbuds fit me perfectly.The headphones themselves pair up easily and work with my iPhone and iPad. They fully charge in less than 2 hours and last awhile between charges. They???re very loud and the sound quality is great especially compared to my nieces more expensive headphones.When it comes down to it these headphones are simply comfortable and very affordable. The battery level displays on my iPhone which definitely comes in handy (no more dead headphones). The blue color is nice and the overall quality is great. Great for road trips and everyday use.		
5	:	"Overview:Was looking for cheap headphones that don't keep falling out of my ears, can handle lots of movement, hold charge long enough, and handle some rain. This one covers all of that.Charge:Charge lasts me at least 6 hours. Percentage is shown in Bluetooth settings on Android. It's a little weird, for me stays on 100% for a little while, then on 90% for a couple hours, stays on 70% for the rest of it, then suddenly goes to 30%. I remember seeing 50% once, but I'm not sure what it means. Scale is a bit uneven but 30% means I have 1-1.5 hours before it turns off. Not too bad.Sound:Sound is great! Fits well in the ears if you make sure to use the right size earbuds. It has a very decent amount of bass that I really like. Not too noise isolating unless you raise the volume, and it can get very loud.Fit:Sometimes I'm not sure if I'm wearing it right, but I looked at the pictures and the R/L symbols on the headphones and put them on accordingly. It doesn't seem to blend that well with my head, but maybe it's just my head shape. They stay on pretty good while I exercise, and I can wear glasses, but since it sticks out a little whenever I put on or remove my hood it catches on the headphones. Using the right size silicone ear buds helps keep them in place too.Waterproof:It is unaffected by light rain and use with wet hands and sweat. However I wouldn't recommend showering with it unless you are careful. I tried and water somehow leaked in and the right sides volume went way down. The seller is great though and they sent me a replacement since it got ruined so soon. It may have been just my unit or that water got in through the earpiece. I'd suggest if you want to shower with it don't take it off and put it back on while in the water. I thought of trying, but I don't want to risk it again.Customer service:They are great. They responded to my earlier review and sent me a replacement since my first one stopped working too soon. And they respond quickly and courteously to emails.Final words:If I were to rate it on its own I'd give it 4/5 stars, but because of the price point and customer service it's easily a 5 star product in effect. If you're simple, just want cheap wireless headphones with good sounds that don't have much hassle, choose these."		
5	:	"I really love these headphones. The sound quality and the materials are really good. They are comfortable and stay in place (I do HIT training and I've never had them fall off my ears). The battery life os really nice, I use them 1-2 hours a day and they last 5-7 days on a single charge. However, you only have about 15 minutes left to use them from the moment they give you the ""low battery"" message. Since the time I ran out of battery, I'm charging them .5-1 hour each day, before my workouts. They have an led light that lights up whenever they are being used (of they are on or charging) and changes colors when, for example, charge is complete. They only have one input and it is for the micro USB charger, no aux or any other cable can be plugged onto them. They are water/sweat resistant, which means you can workout with them, use them under the rain, or the shower, but it is NOT recommended to use them to dive or swim. They also have a built in mic that works to perfection, I was scared that it wouldn't sound good, since it sota so far from the mouth, but I've never had problems when talking through it. They have three buttons: one for power on/off and two for volume. You actually can use These for answering calls, skipping songs, play/pause videos, etc. These are great to have around so I would recommend them for any headphones needs (except swimming, of course)"		
5	:	"Great fit and sound quality, unlike other sets I've owned the ear piece stays firmly in place.  I use these at the gym and tend to sweat a lot, I've broken 3 sets of other branded headphones because they couldn't handle the moisture.  These have worked perfectly time and time again.  I've never fully submerged them in water as I don't have the need but the charge port has a tight gasket so I imagine it's fine.  Pairs easily and is very easy to use, I highly recommend them to anyone that needs a dependable headset at a reasonable price.  Battery life is great as well."		
5	:	I had another cheap pair of wireless headphones but those blow those out of the water! I love the sound and how you can control your music from the ear piece. I don't have a problem with these slipping off or anything as they fit secure around my ears. I've been using these at the gym for about 2 months now & I really love them. Definitely recommend!		
3	:	"I bought these to use at the gym and at work. These are the first ear buds, ear pods, in ear earphones etc. that i've ever been able to wear for more than a few minutes without causing my ears to ""hurt"". They are comfortable and don't fall out during my activities. They do connect to my phone very quickly. Now the downsides. As other reviews have mentioned, you get the ""low battery"" warning at ~30%, and it goes off every few minutes until they die. Once they do die this way, they won't power back on until they are fully charged back up, and it seems to ""forget"" being paired with my phone and has to be paired again. The bluetooth connection tends to cut out from time to time. It doesn't drop but you get a lot of stutter and lag in the music. This happens quite a bit when the phone is in my back pocket while doing yard work. I've had bluetooth speakers in the past that do similar things when not in direct clear sight of the phone. I've ""forgot"" and re paired these to the phone (iPhone7) a few times and it doesn't seem to make any difference. Some days they stay connected even when my phone is ""far away""  some days they don't. They need to fix the battery warning to only kick in once, say at 20%, at 10% and again at 5%, and let you use the full battery.  Powering off till full charge at 28% (according to my phone) isn't very good. I suspect they are trying to protect the battery from becoming damaged from being discharged ""too far"".  I will continue to use these due to comfort and they fact that they do block out some background noise. (I used them a few times on airline flights, and while operating some heavy equipment) Once these wear out or become damaged, I'll be shopping around. I would consider this brand again if they resolve the low battery complaints and stronger bluetooth."		
4	:	"There are several different brands of bluetooth headsets with a very similar style with only a couple things that are different between each.Fit and comfort: 3/5Pros: The part that goes around the ear is soft, yet firm and feels comfortable. The ear pieces come in four different sizes, so you can put one in that better matches your fit.Cons: They do tend to work themselves off my ears if I'm moving around a bunch or highly physical activity (burpees or some kind of jumping activity would be a good example).Sound Quality: 5/5Pros: The sound is loud, distinct, crisp and clear. The phone mic conversations went well too, with no trouble hearing me on the other end or vice-versa.Cons: I had no problems at all with the sound  other than a lack of complete sound isolation.Value: 4/5Pros: It's a nice bluetooth set that is pretty much a standard design with good sound quality both with music and talking.Cons: It's not too much different from several others out there.Design: 5/5Pros: I really like the look of this one compared to many, many of them that look similar. I really like the logo location and how it seemlessly blends in with the rest of it. The power button also looks great and it looks really nice.Cons: None. For this design, this is one of the nicer looking sets I've seen. Not a lot of bells and whistels or flash, just wonderfully simple.Accessories: 4/5Pros: With every Otium set you get a charging cable and a little zipper bag with extra ear pieces.  It is pretty hard and not flimsy. It also offers you a way to get an extra 6 month warranty if you register onlineCons: Not much extra included besides the basic stuff you get with almost every headset, besides the nicely designed case.Overall: 4/5This is my fourth Otium set and I have for the most part always been very pleased with the quality of the products and this one is no exception. I personally prefer neckband models, so that the weight distribution is more on the neck and not on the ears. Otium sells one that I prefer called the X6 model, but if like the ear models better then this would be more your style. Neckbands tend to do better for me during extremely high physical activity. Even though this one has a look that is the standard design of several other there is enough that seperates it to make it a little different from the pack."		
3	:	"Updated Dec 18, 2019: Otium product support has been fantastic in helping resolve this problem.  They reached-out to me and offered to replace the headphones.  This would be the 2nd time these headphones were replaced, which I told them.  I didn't expect the replacement pair to be any different (it would be my 3rd pair of these same headphones).Otium offered to replace them with a different model (https://www.amazon.com/Bluetooth-Headphones-Otium-Waterproof-Cancelling/dp/B07D9LZ8KB/ref=sr_1_9?s=aht&ie=UTF8&qid=1545241726&sr=1-9&keywords=otium+bluetooth+headphones).  They quickly sent the replacement.Sound quality did not show much of an improvement from the original pair.  I think they use the same, or similar, drivers in all their headphones in order to keep the prices affordable.  I'm ok with that.  When I buy inexpensive headphones I'm not expecting fantastic sound.I'll keep buying Otium headphones because they fit my needs and their customer service is outstanding.Original review: For the money, these are decent headphones. I use them when I exercise and, along with Comply foam tips, they stay in my ears well. Battery life is fantastic, I can go for hours between recharges.Sound quality isn't good. I listen to spoken word audiobooks and podcasts so I don't MI d that much. When listening to music it's all mids with muddy bass and poor highs. If you want headphones primarily for music you should skip these."		
4	:	"I usually don't compose reviews and I can't give this product 5-stars ""yet"" because I just used them today at the gym; cardio. But, if this product performs the way it did today for a while, then the ROI is phenomenal!!! I usually jog/run to G-funk, and my 5S's equalizer is set to Latin and all the nuances of the songs (i.e. maracas, triangles, cabasa, background dialogues, faint hooks, etc.) rides on top and in the middle of the bass (tight bass) nice and clear with no drown-outs; I love it!! Helped me crank out an additional quarter mile. Easy, seamless bluetooth pairing, sturdy design, noise cancellation, and user friendly. I'm going to purchase a couple more pair, in case they stop making these or change the formula to an inferior one. You'll be satisfied with this purchase for sure."		
5	:	"This is the second pair of Bluetooth earphones I bought from otium beats. I used the other pair for about a year with no problems (I bought a second pair to keep at home) and I've been using these for about a month now and I can confirm that they're just as good. They're lightweight and they have great sound quality, nice designs and great prices to boot. I definitely recommend them!"		
5	:	"Loved the red/blacks ones so much , I bought the blue pair. Amazing battery and great sound. Best ears buds for under $30 !!"		
4	:	"I'm not an audiophile, but I enjoy music just the same. Pairing these earbuds is quite simple. I could walk around a room with no connectivity issues. The fit and finish is on par or slightly above what you would expect at this price range. The sound produced actually kind of surprised me. They are very base-y. The mids and highs are not crystal clear but overall I am pretty happy with how loud and entertaining  they are. If you are looking for something to use to run, lift weights, or listen to ebooks with these are kind of hard to pass up for the price. I do not regret purchasing them one bit."		
5	:	"These headphones are awesome!  The sound is great, easy to sync and use.  Sits very comfortably in my ears.  I will be purchasing another pair to give as a gift."		
5	:	"I purchased these as a recommendation. I got the blue ones which is a lighter softer blue.They normally are not my style of wireless headphones, but I figured I'd try them out. I own over a dozen different types and brands of Bluetooth headphones. The Otium brand is not a brand I'm too familiar with, but they were very surprisingly built well. They come packaged nicely in a box and come with a soft semi hard carrying case. They come with different size ear adaptors and a charging cable. Upon having them for about 3 weeks now they are actually very comfortable.They were charged when I recieved them and paired up to my iPhone Xs Max on the first attempt and have stayed paired. I used them for roughly an hour a day, sometimes more sometimes less, and I only charge them once a week. I believe it takes about 2 hours to fully charge, but the few times I charged them I threw them on the charger over night. The controls are all built into the right earphone, volume up and down buttons, multi function button and the covered charging port on the bottom of the right ear piece. The sound quality is actually pretty good, as long as you make sure you have the right size ear fittings in. If you have too small of a size the sound is very empty with no bass, because they aren't being worn correctly. Once I put the correct fittings in it sounded good. I did not run with these, but I have used them while working in the garage, doing yard work and work around the house. Not one time did I have to adjust them. These are the types of headphones I'd recommend buying a few pairs of, to throw in a gym bag, maybe in a car and office desk."		
5	:	"I've been using these babies for just over 2 weeks, and for the price you cannot beat the sound quality and reliability.  I use them mainly at the gym during workouts, but began finding myself relying on them while shopping and working in the yard.  I pair them with an iPhone, and have had no difficulty with this as they pair within seconds or activation.  I've also used them while gaming on an Asus laptop, and had non-issue pairing.The audio announcements of being powered on or powering down are helpful to have so you don't accidently leave them on.These came with 4 pairs of color matched earbud covers, a good convenience, however the normal sized ones fit me fine.The sound is good with some base and treble, but not overly leaning towards any one spectrum.  I would consider these good for general use without having any sound cancelling function.There is a tiny blue flashing LED light on one bud indicating that it's on.Sound quality during phone calls was also good.  Callers reported my voice being clear during calls.Bluetooth Range is very good, approx 50-60' in line of sight; slightly less when there are obstructions between the earbuds and your source.I've only needed to charge these twice, so I cannot speak to the battery life with any authority.  I have used these forms combined 5-6 hours with no issues whatsoever, So I suspect you can easily get a full day on one charge out of them. Speaking of charging, I've used a variety of IOS , Android and laptop USB connections to charge with NO issues.  All worked fine.  I achieved a full charge within about 30 mins to 1 hr, with the hour being when I first opened the PKG.For the price paid, these are a no brainier.  I hope this review helped you."		
5	:	"A few years ago I went on a manhunt for a quality bluetooth headset that had a long lasting battery and didn't fall out of my small ears. I tried 3 different sets that ranged in price from $25-$80 (two of them looked almost identical to this pair. Senso and TreBlab headsets) and quickly discovered the problem and cons to each of them. I ended up returning all of them until I settled on a pair just because I needed something. But I was not even close to being 100% happy with my purchase.Fast forward to now, and I'll tell you why this pair is amazing, hassle free, and I'm holding onto these!1. The earplugs dont ring!!! (Two other brands that I tried in the past always had a ringing in the left ear. Their company's had great costumer support and would send me replacements, but there was always the ringing in just the left ear. It was so strange and other reviewers mentioned the same problem if they were able to hear that level of frequency) NO annoying ringing in the left ear is everything!! It's worth every penny just for this reason (and its not that expensive to begin with)!2. Long battery life & easy to charge (comes with a usb cable you can plug into any usb wall charger)3. Great bluetooth range; doesn't cut in and out if I walk around different rooms of the house4. Hassle-free bluetooth connection! (other brands would connect with ease one time and the next time give me hassle. When I'm already on a run, I don't want to have to stop to trouble-shoot and reset my bluetooth connection. It's a pain!!)5. Actually stays in my small ears; comes with different size ear buds and hooks around the back of your ear to keep it in placeI am 100% happy with this purchase! Let me do all the product testing for you, and just get this brand's headset!"		
4	:	"Bought the Otium Bluetooth headphones. I find them to be a pretty good product for the price. The audio quality is surprisingly good, in my opinion. They came with a zippered clam-shell case, a respectable assortment of bud sizes, and an adorable little instruction manual that greets the user with ""Hello."" It was easy to pair up with my phone. I was able to walk at least a hundred feet away, before the signal dropped. And that included a cinderblock walk between the ear buds and the phone.The only real weak point (both literally and figuratively) in this product is the over-ear hook, which could really benefit from a bendable inner wire. Other reviewers have noticed this flaw, and it's perfectly true. The hooks are definitely floppy."		
5	:	"So my headphones came in earlier today. I've used them for a couple of hours so far and they are pretty awesome for the price. Way better than the wired headphones that came with my s8. They paired with my phone easy, the sound quality is great, and they do kins of block out outside noise. They are lightweight and fit my ears good and Don't make them sore. Walked through my house farther than 30 ft. And even closed a door and they still pick up. Don't know of they are water resistant yet, I haven't sweated or took a shower with them on like the product clams you can do. It comes with a 1 year warranty, and I registered online and got an 6 month extended warranty. So far I'm very pleased with them."		
5	:	"I have been using Otium for over 2 years now and I absolutely love them! They are easy to use, durable and have wonderful sound quality! I recently bought the new version of the wireless sports earbuds with the hook and I notice a significant difference in sound quality and durability.Durability:I use the earbuds all the time outside even when it is raining and nothing ever happens to them. To be honest I accidentally left the earbuds in the pocket of my shorts and put them in the washer. I noticed after the full wash and after I dried them out absolutely nothing had happened to them. However, with my old earbuds, I had a software problem after one year but I contacted Otium customer service and they were extremely helpful and quickly sent me a new one.These earbuds are advertised to be for sports and they do stand by their name. Whenever I go to the gym, I wear them all the time. If I run the treadmill or even sprint at the track the earbuds never fall out. My ears are very small but with the variety of tips given, I get the perfect fit in my ear.Sound Quality:As of sound quality, especially the new version, is awesome. I usually don't listen with full volume but even with the volume low, I can feel the bass and clarity of the sound. When I put the volume all the way up, it feels and sounds amazing!Bluetooth:The Bluetooth connectivity has a very large range. I play tennis and I keep my phone two courts away and the sound quality is still perfectly normal. I have only paired the earbuds once and ever since then, every time I turn them on, they automatically connect so it is pain-free.Battery:Battery life is actually pretty good and it lasts me sometimes more than two days but I don???t like how the low battery warning comes when there are only about 5 minutes of battery left(sometimes less).Usage:There are multiple controls on the earbuds themselves and I use them all the time. Whenever I don???t want to take my phone out I just play a playlist and use the controls on the earbuds. If I get a call, I can easily answer it with the click of a button and the microphone is decently clear.The earbuds come a with a bulky hard case that I prefer not to use but that is your choice. I have a small neck and head so the wire is a bit too long for me but it is never a problem because of the small zip that connects to the wire given in the box.Overall the Otium earbuds are well worth the price and by far the best wireless earbuds I have used so far."		
5	:	"Okay, so My Beats 2 recently started to fall apart and are all need taped. I purchased this pair not expecting what I got which is awesome. Sound quality, power up and off, and design each exceed the quality of Beats 2, the only thing you lose is a microphone if you???re one to Bluetooth phone calls. One other improvement could be the loop size of the over ear piece. Works fine but it???s meant for a giant ear.****update!They are dead. Never used outside of my work office so no elements etc. just totally dead. Not pleased."		
5	:	"Phone calls sound great and audio sounds pretty good too, but they are not going to compete with high-end wired headphones.  They are good sounding and it is great with no cord to the phone.The medium and large ear piece adapters fit my ears well.  The larger ones keep outside noise out just a bit better for my ears.The case is nice and the clip allows you to keep them on a backpack or laptop bag.  Have not used them for more than a couple of hours at a time, but have used them for a couple of days before charging, so battery life seems good.I like using them on calls and have had an hour long conference call and other shorter calls where people said I sounded very clear with no issues.Very easy to control with the controls on right earpiece.  Pairing up with phone is easy and it connects up very quickly when turning them on.Can't complain for $21 Bluetooth headphones with microphone.  Would recommend for watching videos, calls, sports talk and music listening if you are not an audiophile.  Good choice without breaking the bank.  Much better than my older jawbone Icon and Plantronics Bluetooth headsets for audio clarity."		
5	:	"I was impressed with several features of these headphones. They arrive in a nice neat little round hard case zipper pack that holds them well, and includes optional additional ear plugs in case the provided ones don't fit. There is an attached carabiner as well. The unit paired instantly with my Android phone. Not a single issue there. There is a small instruction booklet that details the use of the little buttons, and they all worked as noted. I can not get over the quality of the sound. Voice use - perfect. Current pop music, excellent. But where they stood out was classical music. I have used them for three days straight - nearly all day long and am more happy with these than the over-ear set I bought last year to get better sound quality, and which I paid four times the price for. (But to be fair, those are also noise canceling...) I am a frequent tech buyer on Amazon and got these at a special rate to provide an unbiased review. You will have to take my word for it. I would buy these again for family members."		
5	:	Great headphones.  Wear these to the gym all the time and I can definitely say they are durable.  The battery life on these are really good and quick to charge aswell.		
5	:	"I was pleasantly surprised by the sound quality these Bluetooth headphones. I have a pair very similar looking to these from another manufacturer that worked okay, with some minor annoyances like occasional sound problems. I figured these would be about the same. When I began using them, though, I found the sound quality far superior.I've had them for about a month now and use them about every day when I go running. So far no skipping sound issues and the overall quality is far superior. Battery life seems exceptional, as well. At least eight or nine hours before needing a recharge, maybe more. I've also used them for phone calls and the mic picks up great. These have become my new default earbuds for exercise and I'm very happy with them.I wish they would alert me first when the battery percentage was around 25%. By the time they give a low battery warning there is only about 10 minutes remaining. Not real helpful if you are in the middle of a long run."		
4	:	"This is my second pair of Otium wireless sports headphones and I gotta say - I like 'em! They're nothing fancy, bluetooth sports headphones. They pack small, have good sound, simple operation, long battery life, and are a a budget-friendly price point. Really can't complain.They're comfortable in the ear and you can either really shove 'em in to make a seal (pro: less ambient noise, con: you can hear more of your own bodily functions akin to earplugs where all of a sudden a swallow sounds deafening) or let them stay in loosely, which lets you still hear the room around you and also hear the audio. I usually shove 'em in, cause it fits and sounds better, but I appreciate having an option to be more aware of my surroundings.When the battery level is running low, it???ll say ???Battery level running low??? every three minutes for about 15 minutes before shutting off completely. This is a HUGE improvement from the older Otium model headphones where it would interrupt audio playback every minute or every other minute for a longer period of time."		
5	:	I've spent small fortune on headsets that crap out and simply don't do the job! I use my headsets primarily for the gym which entails major sweating and jumping around. It never fails! the headsets that I've used in the past flood  because of the sweat coming out of my ears and constantly slip out  during exercise routines. THESE DO NOT! They sit inside your ear without any movement and they do not flood! These are fantastic and  finally solved an annoying issue! If they last a year?  I would have gotten my money's worth and will gladly replace them. Best $23 bucks I've ever spent!		
4	:	"I'm actually quite impressed with the sound quality and pink look to this cutie. Customer service was also exceptional. My only dissatisfaction is that the cord is a bit too short/awkward. I find that I only have one of the ear pieces in the other hangs very awkwardly and when I have both in it feels a bit awkward at times too. Just always feels like they might fall out but they don't so maybe it's me :) I'm also used to more buttons/volume adjustment on neckback bluetooths. Nevertheless, connects great. I haven't been able to tell if I can connect two phones simultaneously which I do appreciate."		
5	:	"Love these bluetooth earbud-type headphones! I love music, but am not super picky about sound in headphones, but these sound great! They stay on my ears and it is so nice to not have a cord in the way, this is my first pair of bluetooth headphones. I bought 5 pair of these as gifts, as well as my pair. So far, everyone is happy with the gift. They connect very easily to our phones, all iPhones. I've also paired them to my MacBook and iMac. I would highly recommend these for sound quality and ease of use!"		
5	:	"The pink headphones look exactly as advertised. I like how the headphones came in fully charged, so I was able to use them right away. I usually use them in the gym; they are great for canceling outside noise and the earhook fits snuggly around my ear, so I can workout or even do handstands without it coming off. The headphones function well even after I sweat. I also like how the product comes with a round case to help with storing the headphones.I own a pair of Red Otium Bluetooth headphones that I've been using for the past year. I love it similarly and the quality is also excellent. Previously, I had a question about those headphones and contacted the company via email. I was impressed by how promptly and professionally they responded. Otium definitely cares about their customers??? experience as well as the quality of their products. I would recommend any of their headphones!"		
4	:	"So far so good. They're comfortable and they sound great for $25 ear buds. Compared to other (similarly priced) brands I've gone through, they're WAY better. They don't have buttons that constantly get pressed by accident, which has been the case with every other set I've had. The battery life is good- and when it gets low, I get a few warnings over a few minutes time (5 minutes maybe?) before they shut off, but it's not an annoying ""battery low"" reminder every 5 seconds the way other sets have been (maybe once every minute or two). Buying a second pair for my kid."		
4	:	"Before writing this review, I used these headphones daily for about one month. After this period of time, I was blown away by the performance compared to the price! These headphones have the best sound you can have for this price range! Of course they will not compare to bose or other higher end consumer headphones, but the main thing is that the price you pay for these headphones is a steal. I gave the sound quality of these headphones a 4/5 since they have a strong punchy bass and semi-clear mid's and high's. They are not the best when trying to block out outside sound since I did use them a lot during commuting on buses. If you are a heavy commuter I would get a pair with active noise cancellation features, but they do cost much more. For everyday use these headphones are wonderful and would recommend to anyone on a budget for headphones!"		
5	:	I bought these to not only listen to music but to listen to podcasts and still be able to make and receive phone calls.Easily paired with my phone. Directions are so easy. Sound is great. Took a phone call and it sounded great and other person could hear me clearly.I???m ordering another pair for my daughter.Plus I can Charge my phone because they are wireless. Very lightweight also.Battery lasts hours and when they are linked to your cell phone you can see how much battery is left.		
2	:	"I bought this product after losing a pair of PowerBeats 3, having two additional pairs break on me. I thought I would purchase these after bad luck and bad quality of the PowerBeats 3. Unfortunately, these are worse.The connectivity is truly awful. Upon turning them on they don't connect right away. I have to go into my settings and select pair about 5 different times for them to final sync to my device. If I pause or stop what I'm listening to for more than 10 seconds the headphones disconnect. This happened right as I started a race, I paused to talk to a family member, the race started and now I can't listen to anything until I can slow down enough to fiddle with the settings. Also they have a voice come on to tell you if the headphones are low battery, connected or not, turning on and off and I find it to be really loud and obtrusive. This happens a lot when it disconnects and connects multiple times. The voice loudly comes in over and over again blaring in your ears if it is connected or not. Ugh.The construction is poor. The over the ear bars tap my ears while I run so I get this annoying percussive tap while I listen to music/podcast while running. The plastic earbud covers stick to your ears that creates a vacuum which causes quite a bit of discomfort. There just isn't much to like about these headphones. I know I paid a little over $20 bucks for them hoping that they would suffice instead of ponying up for another expensive pair of wireless headphones but they don't do the job."		
5	:	"I picked these up to have a pair of headphones to drown out the noise at work and they have pleasantly surprised me.  I have purchased headphones from Otium before to use and the gym and they worked well.  I went for these for the hooks as I figured I would war them longer and would be more comfortable.  I do have large ears but had no discomfort wearing these for 3-4 hours.  I also like that my phone can tell me the battery level, while note completely accurate its close enough to let me know when I need to recharge them."		
3	:	"These do not fit people with smaller ears. The loop for the top of the ear is too big, and does not stay on the ear as a result. Someone make headphones for folks with smaller ears!!"		
5	:	"I have these headphones paired with my computer and tablet and they work great.  Sound quality is very good, I've used them to listen to music, TV, movies and while playing PC games.  They charge quickly and the included case is nice (includes a carabiner on the case which has been handy).  The noise cancelling aspect of the headphones is good enough that I caution people against using them while driving or biking."		
5	:	"I used to be a DJ and I'm currently a software engineer. These headphones are probably the best bang for my buck I've gotten from any headphones and I've owned them all. The sound quality is great and they have a comfortable ergonomic to my ears. They are the first pair of in ear buds I've owned that don't keep falling out of your ears while you are running or at the gym which is great. The batter life is one of the best things about them. I pair program at work so I'm using them literally all day when I am working with a remote colleague. Halfway during the day my pair has to switch headphones (Apple airbuds) because they don't last a full working day. I've run with them while it was raining but that's about as far as my water testing goes.Final verdict is they sound great, look great, feel great and come with a nice carrying case to keep them safe in."		
5	:	This headset is great and comes with a beautiful carrying case. The sound quality is great and it is easy to operate. The hooks are soft and flexible to place over your ears. The pairing is quick and simple and the battery lasts about 2 or 3 days depending on your usage. The red and black matte finish is beautiful. The headset gives you an indication on your phone as to the battery level. And it also indicates when the battery is low. The headset is great and I would definitely recommend. I've only had it a month but so far so good.		
5	:	"Really light weight headphone, I like to wear it every time going to gym. It come with lots of different size of ear pads, really easy to adjust the comfort zone. The only thing I don???t really like it???s about the charging part, it took little longer to get full charged. better charge it one night before using, also it has really good battery life."		
5	:	"Used for 3 weeks now. Very much as described. Last more than a full day of work with music (over 8 hours) and charge in the 1.5 hours as described. Took a few days for me to find a comfortable fit angle, but once found they are very comfortable and secure, though probably not wedged in deep enough for full noise cancelling. Fully inserted they were just not comfortable to my ear shape/size, but I wouldn't expect everyone to have a perfect fit.I've done two mile runs with zero jiggle or fear of falling out. Sound clarity is way above what the cost is. The Bass is maybe not as deep as they describe, but still plenty. Overall they sound great and un-muddled.One issue I've had is wind noise. I think this has to do with the wire being towards the front of the ear piece. That said, it's not that much and I just crank up the volume a bit more than in a non-wind situation.The only other issue I've had is that when using two devices, one tends to completely dominate. This may be more to do with setting on my devices though than the headphones and not really a huge deal.You can't go wrong on this purchase at this price."		
5	:	"These headphones have excellent crisp sound and are almost as good as the Bose Quiet Comfort 25 Noise cancellation ones. I was able to use these with my vacuum turned on and barely heard the vacuum in the background. Using the larger earplugs that came with the headphones, they don't fall out of my ears. Battery life has been excellent, 10 hours so far with multiple uses at the gym they still haven't needed a charge. For the $25 price with tax they are an excellent buy. There is a volume adjustment button on the right headphone. These could be improved by adding next track functionality."		
1	:	Used this maybe once per week. After 3 months the volume button stopped working. Volume button is not often used. Not good quality.		
5	:	"After using these headphones almost everyday for 6 months straight I can honestly say these are by far the best headphones I have ever owned. DEFINITELY THE BEST BANG FOR YOUR BUCK! NO BS!!Not only were the people from OTIUMaudio friendly & respectful ASF!!, they were also very helpful every step of the way through the entire replacement process. They even sent me constant emails to help keep track of my replacement via UPS.(The only reason I even had to use my warranty was because I accidentally stepped on them out of my own negligence... and they replaced them no questions asked!)As a musician I've used a lot of top notch ""top of the line"" headphones/earphones in and out of the recording studio and not only do I recommend these headphones to everyone I know but I've also boughten them for my own family.Comfort = 100% satisfiedPhone call quality 100% satisfiedBattery life = 100% satisfiedSound quality = 100% satisfiedVolume = 100% satisfiedBluetooth range away from device 100% satisfiedSweat proof = 100% trueCustomer service 110% on point!"		
5	:	"Theses little guys are fantastic! I bought them with low expectations considering the price.Pros:- The sound quality is great. The high end is clear and the bass levels are more than adequate. The volume adjustment on the right ear piece helps regulate volume, and these can get pretty loud.- They fit well. I usually wear them when working out. I can wear them for over an hour and not have any pain or discomfort.-Light, compact, and simple.Cons:-My only critique would be the battery life. I can usually get about 3 hours out of them before they need a charge. While that's relatively long, the 'low battery' warning only gives you about 10 minutes to take them out and plug in before you lose the functionality."		
5	:	I have gone through a few pairs and the company was kind enough to replace them to show they are a great product. Just the service alone has been awesome. The headphones are my favorite for the price on the amazon market. The range is awesome and the sound quality is just right.		
4	:	"I have to say, value overall was great. The down side was call quality, too many times did I have to switch to phone in conversation because to other people I sounded like poop. Like the one south park episode where Stan couldn't understand people and it went off into that matrix plot. Didn't like that episode, in fact, that season wasn't all that good in the first place. ANYWAY great headphones for music when running!"		
5	:	"I have been using these headphones for the last 2 days, and am pleasantly surprised by the sound quality and functionality. I have used budget headphones before by another brand and faced issues in connecting bluetooth to multiple devices and hence was a little apprehensive about buying another pair of budget headphones. However, since I keep losing my headphones, otium is a good fit, so far I have not faced any issues connecting to multiple devices. The sound quality is great, they fit well and are comfortable. The battery life also seems fair, although, the build quality and the plastic used can definitely be improved upon. But for $24 bucks its a steal especially for someone who is as forgetful as me."		
5	:	"I was looking for some solid earphones at a reasonable price and I finally found what I was looking for.  These earphones are of very good quality and are very light as well.  Their presence is almost unnoticeable and I can wear them for hours without any discomfort.  The sound quality is the same as other earphones that are more expensive and besides that the battery life is excellent since I can use them for many hours without having to recharge them.  Also, another good feature is that there is a verbal message that allows the user to know when the earphones are connected and disconnected.  I find this feature helpful as well as convenient due to having noticed that other earphones only make a sound that indicates a successful connection or disconnection.  These earphones also withstand the rigors of intense workouts and they stay in place during long runs or sprinting.  I would definitely recommend these earphones for anyone that is looking for some good solid earphones at a reasonable price."		
5	:	"This is a great product for daily life to a workout life. Using this for the past few weeks has been a great experience due to the nice sound quality that has the ability to block out noise at higher levels to being able to hear others with my headphones at a lower volume. When it comes to durability, I've sat and slept on it before due to my habit of sleeping with it or leaving it a place where it shouldn't and have gotten no issues. Also using the features of being able to skip or repeat songs is quite helpful when you do not want to take your phone out or change the songs from your device further away. Furthermore, I've used these headphones during my workouts a lot and as an individual who sweats profusely, these headphones will not be a problem with it. One drawback, with any headphones that are over the ear, will be a little tingling sensation after wearing it for a duration of at minimum four or five hours. I personally wear it for a great length of time, but if you do not, then there should not be any problems."		
1	:	"Ordered these on Sept 13th, 2018 because it was an Amazon recommended item.The sound quality and connectivity was good, but they didnt even last 2 weeks (I use them at work for my desk job, so not exactly like they're seeing any serious action). Now the wires are exposed and im not about to light my hair on fire just to listen to a podcast.Refund requested."		
5	:	"Great for workouts or good for a run. Kid's tend to use them on long trips and have no complaints. Love how they come with their own case. The case comes with a clip, so easy to clip on gym bag or backpack. Comes with earphones, 3 different earbuds, USB cable, case with clip and user guode."		
4	:	"I liked the color that's why I bought it. It seems to be another version of my mpow headphones that I bought. The build and sound quality seem equivalent. It's comfortable despite being kind of big for a wireless bluetooth set. But, it never feels like it's too heavy once on the ears. I use it to work out in the gym and it stays in place. It comes in a nice case and the sound quality is the same as my mpow."		
5	:	"Very nice product for the price.  I've owned the cheaper/lesser quality Otium headphones in the past.  Tried these out as I was tired of blowing through a charge every 3 hours.  These are much better with regards to battery life. Took them on an 8-hour flight and they lasted the entire flight.  Sound quality is good. Sure you can get better quality from $100+ headset, but these are great.  Use them running and working out.  Sweat-proof and for snugly so they don't fall out while running.  Definitely would recommend these."		
5	:	"I use these for running, biking, and ordered another pair to wear around the office. These headphones/earbuds are outstanding quality for the price. I bought them because several reviews had stated that they were very good for roughly $20 but the sound quality was as good as the much more expensive varieties.I have never owned expensive headphones, but I've gone through lots of cheap ones. These are by far the best I've owned, there is no comparison to other products in this price point. The battery life is excellent too. I ride 40 minutes each way to work, and can ride three days without getting the ""battery is low"" that I've heard from so many others. I've yet to hear it on these... I usually plug them in when I get near the computer, but intentionally rode three times once to see if they died..."		
4	:	"* Edit* After my first review, I was contacted and given a replacement pair. They're working well so far and they are still much more affordable than more expensive pairs. Thanks for the help.--I've gone through 3 pairs of these now. They work great at first, but quickly lose their range and it becomes nearly impossible to use them for talking on the phone. They look like Beats by Dre, but after $30 each time, I wish I would have just spent the money on a quality pair to start with."		
5	:	These headphones are great they produce great sound and have great sound quality. I work in a loud factory environment and these headphones have been a great addition to my work day. Very comparable to Beats brand at a fraction of the cost. Easy setup and Otuim offers an extended warranty at no cost. This is my second set of Otium headphones I???ve purchased and I couldn???t be happier!		
5	:	"These earphones have been amazing for me. I bought them after my last headphone battery stopped holding a good charge after a few weeks. These headphones have and hold a charge that gets me through my workout and then some.The sound is clear and the volume level makes me happy. I love music and can get lost in it when I'm listening with these earphones.Honestly, I'm not a fan of earphones. I prefer headphones, but the fit and feel of these are comfortable. I am happy I bought them.The case they come in is perfect, small, and solid. Great for keeping them safe when I am done using them and throw them into my purse."		
5	:	"I've had quite a few different earbuds that I use for running and working out. These are the best ones I've ever had. They stay in place, have great sound quality, and I can move around without the bluetooth skipping or losing contact. I can even listen to my music while casting exercise videos to the TV. Holds a charge well over two hours of use. Very highly recommend to anyone that has an active lifestyle!"		
5	:	"A few positives of this product include its easy Bluetooth setup with a cellular device, the sound is extremely clear and precise, and the noise cancellation works well. There is a volume adjustment feature on the headphones which contain one up volume button and one down volume button. The headphones are comfortable on my ears. I feel as if this set of headphones was well worth its price."		
1	:	"Great sound. Comfortable fit. I am actually surprised by how good they are considering the price. Noise cancellation is non-existent, but hey, for $20 I didn't think it would work very well.Update....less than 6 mos after purchasing the battery stopped holding a charge. Jokes on me because I purchased 2 of these. What a huge waste and disappointment. Both are useless and now I have to spend more money to replace!"		
5	:	"First, I received my package within 2 days. Which consider short time. It comes with 4 sizes of earbuds, charger, and case.Second, The quilty of the sound is so good and very clear in listening to musics and movies. For calls, sounds are very clear in both receiving and outgoing calls.Thrid, the battery last about 8 hours and it needs just one hour for charge."		
1	:	"I really wanted to like these headphones, and I did after the first use - good sound quality, great wireless signal. The earbuds were too big, but it comes with 3 sets of replacements and the smallest one fit great.Thing is, I'm an average sized man. If I use the smallest earbuds, I can't see how this can fit folks with smaller ears. Wouldn't buy this for a petite woman or a teenager.At any rate, after using it once I found the headphones' biggest issue, which is a real deal breaker - it's impossible to charge. The cable has to be layed just so, or it stops charging. Even after you layed it perfectly, the smallest movement would stop the charging, and you'd be left with a batteryless headphones."		
5	:	These headphones offer an amazing value for their price. Their sound quality is very good! The call quality is clear with no issues listening and talking to people on the other line. The battery life is phenomenal! I charge Sunday night and they last 5 workouts. (5-6 hours)The earphones stayed in and did not fall out of ears during gym workout and cardio. Easy to pair with my cellphone!		
5	:	"I quite enjoy these Bluetooth headphones and cannot seem to put them down. They easily pair to my iPhone or my MacBook and do a great job of isolating noise. Incredible for jogging or really just out and about running errands. The simple MFB and volume controls allow me to do everything directly from the right earbud. The placement of the MFB has been an annoyance in other wireless headphones that have a slider to power on that digs into the neck. These headphones have an inconspicuous power (MFB) button that blends in nicely with the overall design. Overall just really nice quality, affordable wireless headphones."		
5	:	will write new reveiw when resolved. Otium is sending new ear phones. Response was very good and I appreciate being taken care of like my buisness means something. Way to go. Thats how a buisness should go and more buisnesses to to practice this procedure. I really do appreciate it. Im hard of hearing and it means a lot to me.		
5	:	"Otium Earphones are the Bomb, with respect from the company, I was allowed a new one based on my back up from warranty. I???m thankful that I have registered to them once before, but I didn???t remember until my red strap broke. As I received an email from the friendly company employee, I was provided with a new one.The new model, Black strap, has Bluetooth and has the ability to become sweat-proof and waterproof. I love this brand. I am eager to save money as of late, so I can remain within the confines of warranty. Just make sure to take them with great finesse and not destroy them on purpose.I wore my red strap for at least 6-months and it finally something I will keep. ???These headphones helped me in the darkest of grievances after a bestfriend of mine died in a horrible car crash??? God Rest Her Soul! Musics Back, Back again ;)"		
1	:	"Product starting breaking on me after a couple uses. Sound quality was absolutely awful from the day I bought them. Bought them cause they had great reviews, clearly some people were lying"		
3	:	"Excellent sound for the price point. Definitely more base than my wired Bose in-ear, but they are much older also. My biggest issue right out of the box was the size of the silacone ear piece that goes around your ear. It???s gigantic. This needs to be adjustable or sell multiple sizes. I can???t imagine them staying in during a run. I will keep them as I want something low cost that sound good for yard work and general once in a while use."		
4	:	"I have been a fan of Otium for a while.  I went from the X6, which were awesome, to this pair, and I was blown away again.  The bass is not quite as good as the X6, but the overall balance and sound you get from these can be comparable to those in the $100 price range.  The only thing I do not love about these is the over the ear loop is non-adjustable.  The in-ear fitment is good enough to hold through a heavy jog with no issue though.  Oh, the battery life!!!  These things will go and go.  I used mine out of the box for 11 hours without a charge!I give it a 9 of 10, would absolutely buy again"		
2	:	"Worked perfectly fine for 4 months. Now, it disconnects randomly every 10 seconds. Sometimes it just buzzes and overloads my ears. When it does work, the sound will cut out in one of the ears. Cheap; you get what you pay for."		
5	:	"Long lasting battery good audio. Wearing while operating anything too loud (like an orbital sander) and the audio gets drowned out, but for jogging, light background noise, these are excellent! Really good battery, lasted for over 4 hours with high volume (I actually put on charge at that time, it was still working after 4 hrs). I am happy with the comfort and design."		
2	:	Bought this for listening to audio books on my walk. Phone is right in my pocket 1 foot away and it keeps skipping through the dialogue so no use to me. I did try listening to the the same sections without the buds direct from my phone and it played fine so issue is not with the downloads. Returning.		
5	:	"4/4 The ear loops are too big, cannot wear them.4/20 Update - After leaving the previous review the company contacted me privately and was super helpful with trying to find something more satisfactory. I received a new pair of headphones by them today and am very happy with their choice. I am increasing the review for that purpose, but for me these headphones are still a 2 star. The customer service is absolutely a 5 star experience."		
4	:	"I liked using it until it fell apart.  I just used it maybe 10 times in 5 weeks and the left ear bud dropped off and it was hanging by 1 wire, so it was broke, I could not hear out of it anymore.  I put it a letter to the company and will see how they back it up warranty wise.I have updated my review as Otium sent me a new one and it is working great.  I am glad they back their product well."		
4	:	"I've used these earbuds for a couple of months now and I'd say they're a decent set of bluetooth headphones. They've only dropped the bluetooth connection a handful of times as I've owned them, and it could be due to environmental factors (running outside in urban areas). For those who may sweat a lot, these aren't very water resistant, however. They started a give a warped sound after a particularly long workout, but after charging them again it seems to be back to normal. The sound is decent, I've definitely heard worse, but these aren't Bose or anything out of this world. I'd still recommend as a good pair of bluetooth headphones without breaking the bank."		
4	:	"I only have them a week, and so far so good. Crisp sound and loud enough when walking , but when it's very windy, I can hear the wind too much.  I will update the review at a later date.10/31/2017.To update, 6/23/2018Still work well. Much better than other headsets I've bought."		
5	:	"So much better than the version before this, The improvements only made them better! No other headphones last me as long as these ones have, and also sound decent for $20. My beats and Anker headphones lasted I???d say 3 months. The 1st version I bought of these, well over a year! Totally worth it!!"		
2	:	"2 stars because they are affordable.  Sound quality is pretty lousy.  Generally a little muffled but not awful. If I bought these for undistracted listening, I would return them but because I want them for exercising and commuting, they will do.  The units themselves are large and dangle on the ear a bit and the piece that goes in your ear is firmer than it should be so the headphones don't hold on quite as well as others I have had.  Battery is good.  With all the options out there, I would not buy again."		
5	:	"I originally bought these headphones for working out. For that purpose, they are perfect. It took some tries to really secure it into my ears but once I did that they stayed in just fine while jogging. Sound quality is excellent, and I appreciate the volume control on the headphones themselves. The hard protective case is also durable and perfect for travel."		
3	:	These were not bad headphones but not as good as I was expecting. The battery definitely does not last 9 hours but it does last a relatively long time of maybe 4 or 5 hours. I believe the point of the plastic that goes over your ears is suppose to help keep them on but they are just so large that it does nothing of the sort. Not to mention they look rather silly when on cause they are just so big. I do not believe I will be getting another pair of wireless headphones when these finally wear out. I just gotta stick with what works.		
4	:	"Quality is okay, however after 7 months it randomly turns off.I may need to source a new one.Update: Otium contacted me after the above and sent a replacement which was good and they even extended my warranty so thanks Otium???? After I collect it from the shipping company I may comment on the quality of the new ones"		
5	:	For the price point you just can???t beat these. The sound is decent if not spectacular and the battery is long lasting. Several hours. If you want heavy bass etc these are not for you but if you want cheap pair that sounds solid then go for it		
5	:	"After going through a couple bluetooth headphones ive finally found the one that ticks all the boxes at a fantastic price. These headphones do everything well. Great quality sound.(bass,treble, clarity)  .solid build.....Comfortable on the ear. Awesome audio quality during phone calls. Good battery life. Dont look further and just buy these now. You wont regret it."		
2	:	"This is my third set of the same headphones (keep losing them on the bus) I must have a dud set this time around. When the battery gets low, I get the ""battery low"" voice notice. Then two minutes later it powers off.  The previous two pairs gave me at least ten to fifteen minutes of listening after the first low battery warning. One warning and then off is ridiculous."		
5	:	A friend of mine has this wireless headphone and recommended it to me. I was surprised to find such a quality product with reasonable price and accessories that came with it. Everything works fine though I have not had it long enough to know how long is the battery life.		
2	:	"These earbuds had amazing sound quality and good battery life. Easy to use and quick to pair with my phone. However, they won???t turn on now??? period. I???ve tried everything and they are just donezo. I???ve only had them about 2 1/2 months. They should last way longer than that. :("		
5	:	"I purchased these headphones to use while at work. It makes it difficult to be wired to your phone or kindle while you are trying to work in an office. I love these headphones, they last a couple of days as I sometimes am not able to use them the whole day. Completely worth the money!!! :)"		
5	:	"Bought these pair of bluetooth headphone for work out. It is very comfortable, not like the other earphone I tried, they are easy to wear and it stays there until whenever you want to take it off. Quality wise, it is very good compare to the price. And it is sweat proof, which makes me work out with no worry to sweat and wearing the head phone at same time."		
4	:	"They're okay. They've got more artificial, boomy bass than most other cheap bluetooth I've used which is not a good thing. It results in them sounding cheap and boxy.However, I just need something for work and the gym so sound quality isn't super important. The battery lasts about 9 hours in my experience."		
5	:	Great value they are easy to pair and have good sound quality.  Their range is pretty good.  They come with a nice hard case for storage.  My only complaint is battery life and charging time.  I get about 8 hours of life and it takes 3 hours to fully charge.		
5	:	"I love it,the sound is amazing you wouldn't even know is a $23 product.Had to other another pair for my husband.He is in love with it too.You don't have to pay crazy amount to get a Bluetooth headphones.this is good you would love it .They even give you a year warranty if you register you product online.Good job guys.Am smiling.????????????????????...."		
3	:	Decent sound quality. I love the way they look and they are comfortable to wear. My issues are: the largest soft earbud size still is not large enough to make a snug fit causing me to push them back in repeatedly. The other issue is the ear hook is too flimsy causing me to readjust them a lot. If they had a larger ear bud size and more rigid firm ear hooks I would give better rating		
5	:	"I love these headphones. I've used Otium Audio Earbuds before, but this is my first time with the blue design.  I love the shape of these headphones, and the blue looks great. They fit in my ears perfectly, and have a good amount of bluetooth range for when I'm at the gym and moving between machines. The battery life is around 9 hours, not always perfect. But overall my favorite headphones to use.  Further, I've had otium headphones break (through my own wear and tear), sent a picture in while it was still under warranty, and was sent new headphones right away with two day shipping. Overall, very few complaints."		
5	:	"Updated Review -Otium Customer contacted me regarding my review, after a couple of email exchanges, Otium sent us new headphones. First - I didn't ask for them. They were eager to take care of it, and for that I say Thank you.Original Review -Worked great for 4 months, bought 2 in July, one quit charging today, tried different cables & charger still NOT working"		
5	:	Great product! Sound is amazing! My husband uses them more than I do because the ear piece does not fit on my ear as well as his (the ear cuff does not hug my ears enough). But these are great for running and do not fall out. Cancels out noise very well!		
4	:	I really like these headphones but have 4 stars because the piece that goes around the ear is very flimsy and they wouldn't stay in my ear. I have weird ears that will not allow regular earbuds to stay in place so I need the ear clips. The sound quality is great and they are very easy to use and pair with my phone. They get really loud and drowned out the background noise in the gym. I would recommend these for people who don't necessarily need the ear clip.		
5	:	"I originally bought these in June and they worked great, no complaints. But around Thanksgiving they stopped working. I emailed them and they immediately responded with ways to try and reboot the headphones. I informed them that it still did not work, and they sent me a new set for the inconvenience, almost 6 months after purchasing them. They were kind, informative, and very quick to respond, even around the holidays. I highly recommend the product not only for the quality of the product for the price that you pay, but because the customer service is phenomenal!"		
5	:	Works great. I use it to listen to music when I???m running. Look very similar to my husband beats and I personally think they work about the same. So much cheaper. Like that it???s wireless		
5	:	"These are really great, they sound great and pair really easily, I just wish they had other cuff sizes."		
4	:	These are great little Bluetooth stereo headphones. These are very comfortable and do not fall out when running or bending over.They come with several different size ear plugs and will fit most ears. Great quality and user friendly.		
5	:	I only used for a week while I waited for my beats 3 to be fixed from Apple. These are great.. cheap and the sound is loud. Not as clear but the volume makes up for it. I'm happy to have these!		
3	:	"These headphones sound great and work really well. I would give them 5 stars, however I use them for jogging and the multipurpose button or whatever it's called rattles in my ear and I can hear it over the music. Not sure if it's just mine but it's obnoxious enough that I'm back in the market for headphones."		
5	:	Great headphones. I use these during my runs and while working out. I don???t use the talking feature because people say that I sound far away. But that???s not why I purchased them. Great set that stays in place and feels light weight on my ears so 5 starts from me. I even ordered my husband a pair and he loves them too.		
5	:	My 15 year old son loves these. He broke his first pair somehow and wanted the exact same pair again. He paid for the second pair himself for not taking care of the first ones.		
5	:	"I really like these! Came in a cute care in case,  charged up quickly and the sound quality was good.  Had a little trouble getting them to pair the first time (took 3tries), but once they were paired they worked great."		
5	:	Been using these at the gym for 6 months or so. Work really well and have held up. They are a little bulky in appearance and the cord is stiff so it doesn???t typically lay down flat. I usually wait until I get on the treadmill to put them on (for fear of looking like a dork) but really a great product. The battery also lasts a long time.		
4	:	This is a great product for the price. The cable and ear buds feels like high quality. It does a great job of canceling out noise.I dislike the microphone on this device. Each caller says the sound is very muffled and very low sound.I have yet to figure out where the microphone is located. I have owned the older version of this device and it too had the same problem with the microphone.		
3	:	The headphones were ok. I got them yesterday the quality was good but today there is buzz sound whenever there is more than one instrument. The distance is good you can be quite far and still be able to listen to music or whatever. The headphones are really loud I usually use volume around 7-9 but for this headphones max I went is 5. You don???t expect it to sound great when the prIce is this low. You get what you paid for. I just hope these headphones last more than 3 months cause from my 2 day experience I???m expecting it to last at most month and a half. I???m hoping it last 3 months or more		
1	:	It didnt last a month! One day stoped charging and dont work anymore		
4	:	"Great quality Bluetooth earbuds for the price. Fast hookup with audible confirmation. Bass response decent. Comfortable earbuds but wish earhooks were interchangeable with different size hooks. Otherwise, five star material. Definitely would get again!"		
5	:	"I bought it for my husband, he uses it for workouts. This is really a great headphone: Easy to use and pair. The signal is strong and the sound quality is really great. The neckband and ear hooks are comfortable to use. The cute hard cover case is convenient for carrying all the parts and the little hook on the case is a good idea! Love it!!"		
5	:	"These are my first bluetooth earbuds. Its true that it took me a while to get used to the rich sound, but it is amazing. I do wish there was another set of buttons for skip/rewind, but other than that, these are great. The fit is odd but it works. Stays on my ears while Im biking. Very satisfied."		
5	:	"For the price, these guys are def worth it!  My only gripe is that they don't have a microphone, but the sound quality and bass are really good.  The connect super easy and reconnect super easy too."		
5	:	"For the price I don't think I you can find a better set of bt headphones.  They fit nice and stay put.  Easy to operate and sound is great.  My favorite feature is that they ""talk"" to you, telling you they are on or off..or connected.  I have never been good with toggle on & off buttons.  But because they headphones tell you if they are on or off, I don't have a problem."		
5	:	"This baby can hold a charge! I wear it to work out and in the sauna. Sounds great, but I don???t know if it???s my ears, but sometimes it doesn???t fit in my ear as I???d like. Great price, good sound, and good bass when I listen to my music."		
5	:	"Perfectly fitting over the ear headphones. Great for working out, they don't fall out compared to some of the other ones I've tried. They also came with a case, extra ear bits, and a charger"		
4	:	"I used these for about 10 runs and was pretty happy about my purchase, until one of the earbuds stopped working the other day, so now only one side works. The batterly isn???t great either, but charging is fairly quick.Update: The company sent me a replacement set of headphones. So far no issues."		
4	:	Let me just satrt by saying that the customer service at otium is the best by far that i have received in a while these guys are just simply amazing!!! I f I could I would give them a 10 star rating! However the second product that they sent me was way better than the previous! The sound and fit and finish is way better as well! I would suggest to improve the sound separation a little bit and these headphones will bet any 100+ dollar headphone! Anyway guys keep up the good job a pleasure doing business with you!!!		
5	:	"Have used these for working out 6 days a week for 10 months now, no problems with deteriorating battery as of yet and sound quality is still there. Occasionally use them in the shower, still work just fine.Had the older model for about 6 months with no problems but a dog chewed them up. Great product"		
4	:	"I like the product. It's super great. Stays in the ear during exercises and even on high levels. I used it while  on a high level ropes course, multiple times and they never fell off or did the connection & sound change. Very comfortable to wear during the long hours of use.I've used a bigger wireless/bluetooth headphones before but this was definitely different and better.The only downside is the sound is sometimes a bit too loud and cannot be turned down. I also wish you could plug an aux cord into such a great product to use in non-Bluetooth devices."		
5	:	"These headphones are very solid. The sound quality was great. They fit snuggly, and I liked how there were several interchangeable ear bud sizes. They come with a nice little storage case as well. I owned a previous version of Otium Bluetooth headphones (several models back) which got the job done although they crackled often (customer service was very easy to work with as they sent me a replacement - those crackled as well). This newer version (the pink ones) did not crackle at all. They were great!"		
1	:	Pour sound quality and absolutely NO BASS. Fine for talk shows but if you like music spend your money elsewhere		
4	:	"I like the fact that the headphones are easy to carry, light weight, easy to pair and fit well in my ears. The sound quality is great for the price. I have small ears so after a while the inside of my ear starts to hurt a little if I wear the headphones for too long otherwise I really like them!"		
5	:	These head phones are awesome.  I own a lawn service they are very loud and the mowers an etc don't drown them out. The sound quality is killer! An when using them to talk on the phone the person I'm talking to says it sounds very clear to them. The range in these is awesome too I've gone 100 ft away from my phone with them an could still hear music. I would definitely recommend these you'll get you money's worth and then some.		
5	:	"These are good earbuds for jogging, stay in the ears. This is my second pair. The first pair was replaced under warranty. Optium is a good company and honors their warranty. Sound quality is loud, so you can listen anywhere, gym or outside."		
5	:	Very very very good for the price it sticks to your ear while working out the battery life is very very good I charged it for 1 and 1/2 hours and used it for good 30 minute runThe build quality seems to be pretty well made while wearing it looks very expensive I enjoy using it do recommended product		
2	:	"When they play properly, the sound is good. But they often cut in and out like the wire connection isn't good and that of course interrupts viewing and very frustrating.  I purchased them  October 23, 2018. This  December 3, 2018. They've been doing this for about 2 weeks."		
5	:	These headphones are amazing. The sound quality is perfect. They stay on my head even for long runs with sweat on my head.The headphones come with changeable ear buds. A charging cable and a nice package to hole the headphones.I am very happy with this purchase and recommend this product to others who are looking for a pair of running headphones.		
5	:	Love the ear phones. Just one problem. Every time I use them they blank out at some point and I have to re-open my book on tape and reconnect. Anyone else have this problem?		
5	:	I'm very happy with these headphones. For the price the sound quality is much better than I expected. Battery life is very good and they are easy to pair with my devices. Buy with confidence		
5	:	"Much better sound and battery life for the money than other comparable headphones. I'm a pretty heavy sweater, and so far these have held up quite well."		
5	:	"Considering the high price of high quality wireless headphones such as Beats and Bose, I was skeptical of cheap Beats knock-offs for such a low price but bought a pair anyway.  They are amazing!!!  They have rich sound from high to low - from beautiful acoustic to deep bass.  When used as a wireless headset for phone calls, I've been told my voice comes through the mic loud and clear.  And to top it all off, despite their size and appearance, they barely weigh anything and are comfortable for all day wear."		
3	:	"I have been using these headphones regularly for the past 8 months. The sound quality is great. My issue is with the wire. There is an obvious short in the wire. It causes the music to stop and start playing. When I first got them, it would happen once or twice during an hour run. Now it happens constantly to the point that I am researching new headphones to replace these."		
5	:	These Headphones are great. First off the battery life is long. The headphones are very well made and have a crisp clean sound with good bass. They fit very comfortable in the ear and are secure. I love them and it's a great price.		
2	:	Long battery life and short charging time. Good sound quality for the price BUT! at least 1-2 times a week they click and pop during my music when I connect them to my laptop. I use them everyday at school. It???s an extremely annoying feature.		
4	:	"On several occasions while trying to secure the earpiece, I accidentally shut off the device.This to me is a design flaw. Hope the next generation relocates this switch."		
5	:	"WHOAH!!!!! what sound... great controls, stays on, sweat resistant.what else can you ask for. BUY NOW!"		
2	:	"cheap, but they feel that way too.  I can hear a noise when running like something rattling inside"		
4	:	"These are great headphones... especially for the price.  The sound is great; the noise cancelling is above average, and they are comfortable. I also use these for phone calls with an iPhone, and people say that the sound is clear."		
5	:	"Otium , Great Bluetooth wireless headphone .The sound is excellent.Just one little problem they don't stay on your ear . Although they are suppose wrap behide the ears but they keep falling ."		
2	:	"These worked for about 45 days, then would no longer pair with my tablet.  Have done everything suggested by the vendor to correct the problem - still doesn't pair.  Am awaiting Vendor to respond to my last message."		
5	:	"Comfortable and a great fit, comes with multiple sized ear pieces. Sound is good, not audiofile good but enough that I don???t feel like they are a cheap pair of headphones. Charging is quick and they hold a charge. A deal at the price!"		
5	:	"I was surprised by the quality of the sound on these. I don't love the cord between earphones but it's a minor inconvenience. Compared to the sound and clumsiness of wired headsets, I LOVE THESE."		
2	:	I received 28 Oct.  They broke 1 dec.  I charged till blue appeared.  Im very disappointed as due to surgery 14 Nov Im in a assisted living home.  Terrible		
2	:	"These headphones are not for people wth smaller ears. The piece that goes around your ears is huge and isn???t adjustable. The big box makes it painful to wear as well. Also, whenever I left the the room, I would lose my connection. We???re talking from the livingroom to the  kitchen; no walls separate the two rooms either. Gave two stars because it???s not their fault I have smaller ears, but the design needs some work."		
3	:	"I bought this bluetooth because I do need to listen to podcasts and need answering calls hand free throughout the day. (Not for workout) I have to agree that it is indeed a good headset, the quality is great. But it is not perfect. While your not listening to music or talking on the phone, it keeps playing a message saying your bluetooth is connected. Also, while I'm in a phone call it does disconnect at LEAST once and I have to turn it on again. The range is pretty great while listening to music. Unfortunately as I had read previously in other reviews it is a bit of a weird fit in your ears. I dont know why, I guess its common to have different ear sizes and etc, it just doesn't fit right and feels weird.. wish it had a better fit but still, it works great for the price.  Would I purchase it again? Probably not, I would try a different one, maybe even stay with this brand but a different model would probably fit better."		
4	:	I found these headphones easily met my expectations. Easy to use and comfortable with better than expected sound quality. They stayed firmly in place when exercising (and dancing) and the charge life is generous. If you are looking for a great deal then look no further than these Otium headphones.		
5	:	These are great! My s/o listens to a lot of music with Bass and they're very high quality. Love love love		
5	:	These headphones are very comfortable. Easy to pair and connect with. I am amazed how long they last between charges. They even charge fast.		
5	:	These are great earbuds. I wear them daily while reviewing books for authors. If you love music and need to tune out the tv or anything because of the hubby these are just what you are looking for.		
4	:	"Great little headphones for the price. Range seems to be a tad short though. If I hold my phone any lower than my chest the music seems to ""skip"" or lose connection.Edit: While I still have some issues, the manufacturer has reached out and has been very helpful even sending a replacement set."		
4	:	"This product is definitely worthwhile getting if you are looking for a decent but cheap bluetooth headset!What I Like:Audio quality is decent.Battery will last about a full day of use.Charges quickly.Can be used in the shower or rain/snow.What I don't like:Gets uncomfortable after wearing for a few hours, but that is likely true for all in ear headsets.I would recommend buying this product."		
4	:	"My husband loves running with these headphones. He has to buy a pair every six months due to sweating them to their demise, but he thinks they are worth it."		
5	:	"I own different models and have found the company products consistently reliable with great sound for the price.  While larger ear pieces, which I don't favor, the sound and ability to use them for phone calls are incredible for the price.  My third set of their earbuds with no problems.  Good battery life with plenty of warning to let you switch to another option. Phone call quality can vary, but I have yet to determine if it is the earbud or the phone (iphone)."		
3	:	"Today I received the headphones and notice that it sounds like you???re in a tunnel or bathroom. The base is ok but nothing spectacular. On the other hand the device was very easy to sync to my Bluetooth, and the ear buds fit perfectly in my ear without any slippage. Also, when trying to register the product the web address states that the server has failed, so you can not register it ( such a rip off), Overall, I would give these 2.5-3 stars for the simple fact that I can not use them for what I intended to use them for ( phone calls),"		
3	:	These headphones charge quickly. I love that there's no feedback or static. They are easy to setup and start using.  My only problem is the piece that goes over the ear is too big and doesn't fit quite right		
5	:	"Otium is my choice of cheaper headsets to go with, the quality is pretty fair they can take a hit or two. And the battery are 8hours exactIf you want a pair that???s not annoying and cheaply made try this company"		
3	:	They are ok. No beats by dry but for $17 bucks they get the job done. Easily connects to my iPhone and plays music.		
4	:	"Bought these to replace a similar pair from another brand that I was unhappy with and returned. I like these SO much better!! Better fit over the ears, better sound quality and less heavy and bulky feeling on the ear. I wish they were more noise cancelling, but for the price it is a fantastic deal!! Recommend!"		
5	:	"Just received these headphones today. I've purchased the red ones before (which had really awesome sound and they cancel the outside noise really well) and went for the black ones this time, and I have to say  I am extremely happy with the sound. It seems the sound is cleaner. I will definitely be purchasing these as gifts for my family! Sound and quality of products from this make are superb!"		
5	:	Excellent gym headphones. You can???t  beat the price for the sound quality and convenience of these headphones. I wear them to play basketball and they stay on my ears with occasional need for a reposition.		
5	:	"Sound is really good quality, and it fits really good on the ear, noise reduction is comparable to some of the best quality earphones, it does not interfere while excersising, overall s grestcdeal"		
2	:	"After I hooked up to my Wife Find and made a call, about 3 minutes into the call I hear static. I ended up having to disconnect the headphones. Tried it again the next day, different call and low And behold static comes in. It fit my ears perfectly but I would not order again"		
4	:	"Bang fornthe buck! Hands down, I have not found anything to compete with these for the money. By far notma high fedelity item, but was pleased with the sound to price ratio. Great product to rock out while working out!"		
5	:	"I spent weeks researching different bluetooth headphones and I am so glad I chose these!I've been using them for a month and they are great. Good battery life, bluetooth connectivity and sound (not perfect quality but I do not need better than this) and they do not move at all throughout my workout.The case with the hook is super practical as well.Great value for the price."		
1	:	These won t pair with my galaxy s8. Returning item. Thanks for nothing.		
5	:	"Want to save some cash , no need for expensive headphones these works great also holding battery power as well Bluetooth Savers"		
5	:	Great sound & clear bass. Arrived quickly fully charged and ready to use.  Comes with a nice case and easy to follow instructions.  Great customer service- prompt replies and easy to work with.		
5	:	I either loose or break my earbuds all the time.  Consequently can not justify buying high priced earbuds when these do the trick for me.  I???m a dedicated audible listener and occasional music listener.  Last pair of these I stepped on and broke the casing on one side.  They still work but thought I ought to buy a second pair as a backup		
5	:	Oh Jeeze these are super cheap and super good always staying in my ears I love them		
4	:	Sound good for the price. Easy enough to control. A bit bulky in appearance and the tone that pearces the skull when you Max out the volume has got to go before some poor desperate schmuck like myself sues them for damages. It's not the high volume that'll cost you your hearing it's the human dog whistle that  hits you and makes you want to kill the genius who thought of it. You can see just how traumatic the experience was on me!		
5	:	The headphones arrived promptly and with no damage. Their performance is incredible! Crystal clear sound; easily attachable ear hooks; volume and play/pause button within easy reach. I highly recommend Otium wireless for anyone looking for quality wireless headphones.		
1	:	Just got in the mail and the right side doesn't work at all. Returning and getting different brand.		
4	:	Good! Has a volume control and skip function in one. Took me a while to figure it out as I didn't read the directions. Pause play is also the volume button.		
5	:	"Nice control features. Good sound but still lack bass, though probably as good as it gets in an in ear headphone"		
2	:	Sound quality has distortion and subtle disruptions when playing music. I still don't understand why people have reviewed this product as 4/5 stars? I believe they are fake reviews. I do not encourage anyone to buy it!!!		
5	:	So far so good.  Got these after the original ones were defective so I upgraded to these from the $4 cheaper ones.  Use them everyday for my workout.  Good sound.  Hopefully they continue working well.		
5	:	"We love these earbuds. I have purchased two pairs now, one for myself and one for my brother-in-law. They were recommended to me by a friend of mine and I plan to buy a few more pair for birthday presents coming up."		
5	:	They work GREAT!! I'm so glad I found an inexpensive good quality wireless bluetooth headphones on here.  Most of the reviews were great so that's why I pulled the trigger and ordered them.		
5	:	"For the price these are great I use them while I run,bike,lift, or just at work, they don't usually fall out of my are and I have no issues about battery life that I can think of."		
5	:	Comes in this really cute headphone holder with a little pocket! The quality of the sound is great and stays in my ears while I going run! Would definitely recommend!		
5	:	"Comfortable and a clear sound. Normal ear buds will usually hurt my ears, but these are far more comfortable. Clear sound, quick charge."		
5	:	Actually one of my favorite wireless headphones! They stay in place perfectly and the battery last a really long time. I have used them for 8 gym sessions about 45 min each without charging them.		
3	:	"For the price, just they are OK, nothing special. I did replace the silicone tips with foam, which make them more comfortable and helps block ambient sounds."		
5	:	"This is my second bluetooth headphones, to be honest I cannot tell the difference with my previous one which was over $100, maybe just me but why should I spend much more to get the similar experience?!"		
3	:	Listening to music on this headset is great. I only gave it 3 stars because it doesn???t work well for talking as it crackles in your ear after a short time using it.		
1	:	"I can't figure out any of the controls - one button is supposed to handle all the functions.  Poor fit, way too big for my ears.  I don't recommend them."		
1	:	I don't understand how the sound quality is great one minute then terrible the next??		
5	:	"I already bought 4 of them. One for me, one for my daughter, one for my husband and one for my sister. We all love it."		
2	:	"Gave to the ghost... Stopped connecting to my phone out of the blue. Prior to that, appreciated the sound quality for the price point."		
3	:	"It's decent enough for the function I need it for, however those talking about ""crystal clear"" sound don't seem to know sound very well. The large amount of bass sometimes drowns out other parts of the music, (Usually the mids) and occasionally the highs sound distorted. These are quite durable, so for something you'd use for running or working out, I'd say go ahead and buy. However if you're looking for something with high quality sound, look elsewhere."		
5	:	"Great headphones, they stay in my ears when most headphones fall out. The bass is super deep and the lyrics are clear, I love listening to my music with these. The battery lasts a long time too. Definitely a good purchase."		
5	:	"The headphones are very good, much more satisfied than I expected. Buy to go to work quietly to listen to the song, concealed very good ~ smart shape can be worn,the packaging is very good, more exquisite, the product is really good, I specially earphones earphones The sound is very clear, there will be no noise, like, you can buy it, and then the price performance is very high, like Oh!"		
5	:	"These headphones are great! It is true the ear pieces are big, I wear headbands when I run so I just secure them with it.  I almost can???t tell the sound quality from my beats that are similar."		
5	:	"Had no trouble pairing these to my iPhone and they work great! Sound is amazing, totally able to drown out my annoying coworkers and their terrible gossip. I even recommended them to my mother -in-law for her books on audio, and she too loves them."		
5	:	These are better than the 100+ that I spent on BeatsX		
5	:	"I do need a headphone while working out. This one is.small and easy to carry. Quality of the sounds is good. Love wireless, it make our life easier."		
3	:	They worked great one time. & now can???t get to connect to my blue tooth! Waste of money!		
5	:	"These Bluetooth earbuds have an amazingly incredible, clear sound.  Lots of volume available without distortion.  Very impressed!!!!"		
4	:	"Was really surprised with the quality of the headphones at the price. They sound really clear and were easy to setup. The bass is surprisingly deep. However the highs aren't the greatest. But for the price and to use them as gym headphones, they're solid."		
5	:	"I wear these headphones at the gym & they are great! They don't fall out when moving and are loud enough to block out background noise. I probably charge them once a week. When the battery gets low it will alert you with a message, but i've found that after that message comes on you don't really have much time before they die... so make sure they are charged!"		
5	:	Absolutely LOVE these wireless headphones. For the price being sold it definitely a good deal. You're getting high quality at the fraction of the cost. I've had no problems and head them for 6months. Good brand!!		
5	:	"this is a very good wireless headphones, if you comparing this to other expensive brands {beats etc..} this on par with them or even better.."		
3	:	"They work great. I enjoyed it for a while but they seem to not be water proof because I accidentally wet them at the pool while I was drying off and after a couple hours out of no where every 2 minutes they would turn off. So if you buy them enjoy it but make sure to keep them away from water, even if says they???re water proof."		
4	:	"The sounds quality actually isn???t too bad, it???s not clear bud enough to please and the bass isn???t bad of you turn up the volume. The only design flaw in my opinion is that the Bluetooth blue blinking dot is where pointing out and make it look low end, so to get rid of it I put electric tape over it to cover it up. Anyway Great for the price, I recommend picking it up. The amazon choice is accurate."		
2	:	Does not stay on well with glasses. Good value and quality. Will probably work better for someone with bigger ears and who does not where glasses.		
2	:	"The headphones worked well at first and I liked the amount of bass you feel. Yet after just one workout with them on they no longer connect to my phone, I have an iPhone 6s"		
5	:	Great headphones!  Makes my workout so much more pleasurable!  Sweat proof! Great sound and earphones fit well in my smaller female ears.		
4	:	These headphones are fairly lightweight and hold a charge all day. They come with a variety of tips that fit different sized ear canals. Also included is a faux carbon fiber zippered case. Sound quality is pretty good for the price.		
5	:	"The headphone is pretty cool, I can watch youtube while the phone is charging, without worrying about the phone being too far; or talking while walking / doing something esle w/o carrying the phone"		
5	:	"They are excellent in every way. I had the old Otium beats (im a huge Otium fan) and decided to upgrade. Its mostly the same but with a better design anf better soundproofing. Sound quality is perfect and batter life is absolutely amazing. It connects perfectly to every device: macbook, galaxy s8, pc, etc. Ive used them in rain and they work perfectly even while damp."		
5	:	"Incredible quality at an incredible price. Bought these for my Pixel 2 XL since they don't have an aux port, and I LOVE THEM! The sound quality comes out extremely clear, and is comparable to my Beats Solos."		
4	:	"These are awesome so far. The sound quality is very nice and the Bluetooth capability has been great. Only had them a couple weeks now but no issues so far. I walked about 15 feet away from my iPod at the gym and had no issue keeping connected. And the flexibility of the rubber ear grips make them easy to fit around my ears. My old, stiff headphones used to fall out of my ear but these don't move at all."		
2	:	"The sound quality of these headphones are pretty good. But after about 20 minutes into a call, the person I was talking to heard mechanical screeching noise, then it went completely dead. Based on that, I can't give this a good rating."		
4	:	Great sound quality. Stay in place and they're comfortable. Quick to connect. The loop part is a little big. I wish it was adjustable.		
5	:	"Works great, easy to setup and at the right price!"		
5	:	Greatest headphones for the price. Way better than expected and sounds great for price and better than some more expensive ones i???ved Own.		
5	:	"Bought these for work and they are great. Could use more Bass, but for the price I can't complain.  Good sound quality on phone calls also."		
3	:	"no where near the sound quality of iPhone earphones, though wireless"		
2	:	"Had to return, kept hearing a crinkling noise caused by the outer white rubber shell of the earbuds whenever the entire headphone was nudged. Not crackling with the audio. The audio was fine."		
5	:	"Incredible!!I have so many headsets... Well, here it is. the BEST EVERBass BIGAllover sound Awesome.HIGHLY Recomend"		
5	:	Otium headphones deliver exactly what they promise.They are very comfortable on the ears with no pressure while they keep stead as I run.BT pairing and connectivity was easy with no disconnections.Battery life allows 4-5 hours of continuous listening to music  and the sound quality is good. Not a premium sound but very good for their price.		
5	:	Fast delivery. Charge lasts over 12 hours before needing recharge. Good headphones		
5	:	"Only 4 stars on sound quality because my hearing is 72 years old.They are so comfortable I forget they're in (see 72 years old). A voice tells me if I lose connection, get connected, on ,off, or if power in low. Volume control is easily accessible. What more do you expect for $20+?"		
5	:	"I looked at a lot of different sets of bluetooth ear buds and landed on these. I can't speak to the longevity of this set since I've only used them a couple of times however I would be surprised if the more expensive models like Beats sounded better enough to warrant the near $150 extra. Phone calls could be a bit clearer but they perform as advertised. Easy to use controls, music is clear, links easy and stays linked."		
5	:	Love these amazing headphones! The package is very nice and comes with a super convenient zipper case to keep the headphones when you travel. The headphones are very light and fit perfectly on my ears. The sound quality is very good as bluetooth headphones.  And it is very easy to pair up with my cell phone.		
5	:	They have great sound quality and comfortable fit.Very easy to pairing with my Android phone. This was a great buy for the price.I love it!		
5	:	"These are awesome, battery lasts a very long time, and the sound quality is as good or even better than Apple's earphones."		
5	:	Purchased for my husband for his workouts...and he loves them.  No problem with staying in his ear.		
4	:	Works fine and easy to pair to phone. Not as clear of a sound an audiophile like myself needs. But these are fine for the price they were.		
2	:	"While the product worked great for the first three months, it suddenly stopped working after about 3 months. Incidently, I had bought another product from the same company and that stopped working after about three months as well. In short, this is not durable and of poor quality. I will not recommend buying this."		
5	:	"People tell me they like my Beats all the time when I wear these. It makes me laugh. They are really great, with terrific sound and stay in my ears very well."		
1	:	"I have only had these for a month,  the right speaker no longer has a high pitch volume as the left speaker does.  I don't know what the problem is..."		
3	:	"Battery life isn't like a regular bluetooth.  I'll love these for mowing this summer, but for everyday use, not so much."		
2	:	I would save my money and purchase a little better brand. I thought this would serve my purpose but they do not last longer than an hour. I use them once and then turn them off. Next time expecting at least two uses before needing to be charged and they are dead....and at the gym...that really sucks when you aren't expecting it. The sound is decent though so that's why two stars.		
5	:	Sweet deal $23 buck nice sound doesnt hurt your ear for being on along time bass is clean good sound for the price		
4	:	super loud headphones  i love that.  the bass is crazy on these but the trade off seems to be that the highs are muffled  but still totally worth it		
5	:	I use Bluetooth ear buds for many hours a day. I need to have a charged set always ready. These Otium ear buds are now my go-to choice. Sounds fantastic through the full range of bass to treble and ease of use.  This is a great value!		
5	:	Very mobile item. Long battery and good sound quality. I  plan on using this often and use it for a long time.		
5	:	Great sound great battery life and lightweight. Better than the TUMI brand I bought three times. Love these!		
5	:	Great headphones. I bought them so I can workout. I like the quality. They come with a charging cable and case. I have used them as long as 2 hours don't know if they last longer.		
5	:	"LOVE these! I???d been looking for a pair of good wireless headphones for awhile now, and these are perfect. I travel a lot, so long battery life was essential for me on long plane flights. These actually stay charged for hours and hours and hours. The sound is great, and they???re comfortable. No complaints"		
5	:	Left ear went out after about 3 weeks. But notified the seller. And they sent out new ones completely happy and will buy again from seller.		
5	:	Bought these in 08/18 and they simply stopped working in 12/18.  After a couple of troubleshooting steps via email that were unsuccessful they were replaced right away.  Could not ask for better service!		
5	:	Bought these after a more expensive pair of wireless earbuds quit after one use. Definitely recommend if you want a cheap pair of earbuds that work.		
5	:	It's ridiculous how great these headphones are and you don't have to spend hundreds to get the reliability or the audio		
5	:	"This is the 3rd pair I've bought because I love these, for me, for my man, everyone. They are great and you can't beat the price"		
5	:	"Simple, great headphones, and good battery life. Prefer these to expensive ones all day, every day."		
2	:	"I got these to wear while running, but they kept falling out of my ears. The ear wraps are worthless and serve no purpose. They look like they will grip around the ear, but they do nothing because the loops are way too large. I am returning these for something that wraps over the ear and snug around the back of the head."		
5	:	"I love the bluetooth headphones. It's very comfortable and very convenient. Before I have it, I am always bothered by the ear plug dropped down from my ears. Now I don't need to worry about that at all. In addition, the sound qualify is very good, too. I enjoy to listen to music with my bluetooth headphones."		
4	:	Great sounding/ looking for the price. These do the job but do feel a little bulky. Battery life is good a well as the water proofing.		
4	:	Loved the sound quality but liked the customer service better. I had questions and a minor issue which they handled with tru professionalism and speed. I would and am buying this again. Thanks Otium!		
5	:	"Good sound,  stay charged forever."		
5	:	These bluetooth headphones are amazing for the price. The sound quality is phenomenal and battery life is as well for $25! Ive bought from Otium before and they never seem to disappoint when producing top teir headphones. They sound almost identical to my apple headphones!		
2	:	Meh - sound ok but constantly cut out even if you are right next to your device.  Quite annoying.		
5	:	"Just got these and so far so good.  The sound quality is superb, comfort is great,  and incoming calls during a workout was easy.  Hope they last awhile!"		
1	:	Worked fine for seven months then would not charge.		
5	:	"They sound and work great, not to mention that extra long battery life."		
5	:	"You can buy the expensive earbuds, but before you do try these by Otium Wireless. Great sound for doing that long bike ride or just cutting the grass. Had a few questions for the customer service folks and a refreshing change, they're great. The best view from me is that I would buy these again."		
5	:	I listened all night and barely used 10% of the charge. The sound quality was excellent and I love that it has the over the ear hooks so it doesn???t accidentally get yanked out of my ears.		
5	:	"Excellent product, this is the second pair I bought, amazing sound and long lasting material, highly recommended"		
5	:	"I thought the sound quality was going to be not so great, after all, they are small... But boy, they blew me away.I have only charged them 4-5 times in the month that I have been using them everyday  in the gym"		
5	:	"Effective and, after 5 months of use, still crystal clear audio. Also easy to pair."		
3	:	Wish I would???ve read description better as it does not have A2DP and can???t connect to my TV with Bluetooth audio adapter. Oh well works with my iPhone and iPad.		
5	:	Just can???t wait to try this wireless earphone on. This product is amazing that with super soft silicon top(ear buds) and soft sounds. It wiun???t reduce the sound quality but with protective noise deduction design. Anyway. Surprised by it. My friend recommend me this one and I definitely recommend others		
5	:	"Probably the best, cheap Bluetooth headphones out there. Wife likes them. Battery lasts for a while."		
1	:	I liked them the first three times I used them and now they keep cutting in and out no matter what I do. These are crap! But that???s what you get for $16		
1	:	Had these less than a month and they stopped working.		
5	:	Probably the best pair of headphones I've ever owned and i have owned alot of headphones these just sound great along side with the battery life being incredible I've never been caught off guard with a no battery message and I listen to music constantly I charge them every night till the light turns and they are ready to go in the morning just an incredible product and experience		
4	:	Its ok. Doesn't sound as good as other reviewers say. Good for the price		
5	:	"Was going to buy beats, these had a better review. Have been running for several months in them, very happy, even in some nasty rain. Strongly recommend."		
5	:	"I just bought these bad boys and I am very pleased. I also have a pair of beat mixrs the bad is cleaner in the beats but the otium are great for the price you pay. Noise cancelling for sure, acoustic songs are the cleanest, haven???t had a problem with them slipping out like skull candy earphones. Highly recommend!"		
5	:	"I bought this headphone last week. It took only a few days to deliver, so fast! I honestly liked the sound quality and bass. Ears pad is very soft. I highly recommend this headphones."		
5	:	Excellent value for the price. Don???t expect high budget quality sound production. It does the job for a typical gym session.		
5	:	These headphones are awesome and the battery lasts passed my full 8 hour work day with the volume all the way up.		
5	:	So comfortable and lightweight. Fit into eat well. Good sound quality and mic is good.		
5	:	Great fit. The ear buds stay in my ears while I jog. Easy to sync with my phones Bluetooth as well.		
2	:	"I keep losing signal while on phone calls. So this is definitely not a great option for making phone calls.  For music, it works fine."		
4	:	These are better quality than I was expecting with them being pretty inexpensive.  Mine came with a zippy case that wasn't mentioned in the description which is nice for storing them when not using.		
4	:	I got these for my bf in replace of his beats he had broken. He uses them everyday and enjoys them a lot. Although it is not the best in sound quality they are really good for the price and you can???t beat that.		
5	:	"This product has exceeded my expectations by far.  They are light, but well-built, and audio quality is good. Bought 2 pairs thinking they would break easily die to wear, but have withstood the constant usage and rough handling.  Excellent product."		
5	:	"The earphones really are awesome. The battery life is really good.Connectivity is quite slick. I have connected this to several devices and have never had any issues.They stay in my ear really well, the controls are easy.The sound quality is perfect for me.Highly recommended!"		
5	:	What I like this headphone most is that it can sustain for long time after charging rather than a couple of hours like other wireless headphones. The quality of sound is better than any headphones I have ever had before. Strongly recommend it.		
4	:	Love it. Super helpful at work. I wear it all day. Less one star because sometimes I have to take it off to give my ears a break.		
5	:	Very good product		
5	:	Long lasting battery and works well with iPhone 8 plus		
5	:	These are great wireless headphones. Light weight great for running and lifting weights. Awesome sound will buy again for my wife.		
2	:	This product actually annoys me. Its sound quality is horrible and it sounds blury. The fit isn't all that great as well. Just not worth it to me		
5	:	I love these headphones. I use them while I???m running.		
3	:	But they do properly fit and work! Its worth the price @ 25 bucks!		
5	:	"A nice wireless headphone. Easy to use, I used it when I was running and it's deep-set in my ears. Always use it to listen to music and watch a movie. Nice sound comes out from this headphone. Best Bluetooth headphone to use."		
3	:	"Unfortunately these did not work for me. The sound has decent quality however they kept falling off my ear, even when I changed the ear sizing. Maybe my ears are small? I ended up giving it to my fianc??, since it fits perfectly on him."		
4	:	"Not fancy, short distance only, but works for the price"		
5	:	Great headphones with AWESOME battery life! There were other more expensive options out there but no need to do those - these are great. The battery life is great. I rarely need to charge these and that's with training runs and races.		
5	:	Pleasantly surprised by the amount of bass these had. The sound is really good and they stay in my ears. Can't beat the price for these wireless headphones. Definitely recommend.		
5	:	"great value headphones. Comfortable and has all the controls you need ie mute, skip track, call last number, volume etc. Seems to be a good battery life had them a week, use everyday and still working with original charge. Sound quality fine unless you start comparing with much dearer brands."		
3	:	They are a little big for my ears. Im not sure if i just got a bad pair but I wish they didnt feel loose. It seems to a some effect to the spund quality.		
5	:	"Great quality sound, Easy to use controls."		
4	:	"This has good sound, but a bit disappointed in the range.  I cannot leave my cell phone on a table and walk more than 20 feet to my garden without it cutting out.  I purchased an arm band for my cell phone and the ear buds work great now."		
4	:	hands free on my bike yah good product		
5	:	"Sound quality is great for when I???m training on my bike. I think better than beats silimsr product. The things that go over your ear are kind of floppy and don???t do a lot to help the headphones stay in, but the silicone tips you put on the headphone ear piece are great"		
3	:	the sound quality isn't that good as described		
5	:	"You know what!! It follows the simplistic and high quality design! Use them all of the time. When I am biking , walking, running. Sound is Awesome and convenience of using them across my phone is amazing! I'll be using them as long as they last for sure! ????????????"		
5	:	This is my first set of Bluetooth headphones and i loved them. The sound quality is really good. They are a snug fit for my ears and do a great job while i am working out. The build quality also seems to be decent and there are lot of options for ear buds along with a sturdy case.		
5	:	Good product		
5	:	Good quality I recommend them with closed eyes. They are pretty nice and are perfect for listening music while I???m walking.		
5	:	I try to find gym headphones.This is the right one!		
1	:	They worked perfect for about a month. Charge held up for hours. Didn't take long to fully charge. But than they just stopped charging a month to the day I received them.		
3	:	"This are ok especially for the price. I bought these for when I'm mowing the yard and they'll do for that, but the audio quality isn't the best. They do have more bass then my beatsx but they're not all that clear. For 20 bucks though, you can't go wrong."		
5	:	Love these headphones they last up to 8 hrs		
5	:	Love it to listen music. Not so good to talk on a phone.		
3	:	Awkward fit around ear... Bulky.  Good sound.		
5	:	Good sound quality		
4	:	Just received so havent used them for running yet! Only 2 small ear buds! Hopefully they can be replaced he other  4 are to large.Great price...		
5	:	"These earphones are great for any use! They look sleek, have amazing, clear sound and bass, and the battery lasts a sufficiently long time.Pros:-Battery life-Waterproof-Cord around neck is smooth-Voice inside that tells you when your headset is connected or when your battery is low-Comes with a carrying case-Don't fall out of your ear easily-Sound great during Facetime callsCons:-Voice inside is a bit too loud for me  (would prefer to be able to adjust that)-Sometimes I have to readjust these in my ear to get the best sound (but that is with all earphones I guess)"		
1	:	The sound and battery life is great.  However if you work out more than 30 minutes the hard round plastic piece directly behind the ear bud really starts to hurt your ear to the point it hurts even after you take them off.		
5	:	I???ve been using these at the gym for months.  I don???t have any issues with the Bluetooth signal cutting out.  Sound quality is good.		
5	:	"I love these headphones.  I use them all day at work and they never die.  Sound is great and I love the fact that they are wireless... makes moving around much more convenient. Comfortable,  too! Loved them so much I bought a second pair for home."		
3	:	"Sounds good, worth the $$. Battery life is only about 3hrs"		
4	:	"The only thing that I don't like is that there is nothing to help it stay centered on your neck.  Great for workouts, sound is great.  As the battery gets low the sound quality decreases."		
5	:	"Great sound, very comfortable, great battery life!"		
3	:	Broke completely after 5 months of use		
4	:	"Is a solidly built pair. Nice audio reproduction, and good battery life. Comes with a good, if unused case. Bulky but utilitarian."		
4	:	Much better than the last ones I bought		
4	:	Great deal for price. Battery last a long time and the battery life shows up on my iPhone screen.		
5	:	Great product for the money		
5	:	Paried with my Fitbit ionic right away.		
4	:	"First off, I want to say thank you to Otium for letting me try these wireless headphones. I got to say for the price, I am very impressed. Highs were decent. Lows were good. I didn't even have to change the ear pieces, although I may later just to see if theres any sizes in that package that fit better. It took around 90 minutes to fully charge out of the package. I used them for about 30 minutes after charging just testing the sound to different music genres. I have used them on 3 workouts and battery is still going strong. Ill update this once the battery is dead to see how many workouts i get in with them. And my workouts are anywhere from 30-50 minutes pending the day.The only thing that makes it drop 1 star is the ear wrap arounds are a little flimsy, but after playing with them it got a little better. The strand is a tad too long but its light enough you barely notice it. Keep up the good work guys. I would love to see if you came out with a premium set of headphones like The Rock just came out with. Thank you!"		
5	:	"I am impressed. They last over 10 hours, not heavy at all and great sound"		
3	:	The sound is great and would have given it 5 stars but the build quality doesn't seem so good. After one week of use the volume buttons on the device are a little loose that when I run i can hear it clicking which is very annoying. If not using for running and just for everyday use then this is a good cheap option.		
3	:	"I am returning this item bc it is not comfortable in my ear.  My ear is very small and it will not sit tight in the car, but the sound is great and it is very easy to connect and control."		
4	:	Muy comodos y practicos. No me parece q duren 9 h como decia		
4	:	"The cord holding the two earbuds together gets easily pulled by sweatshirt hoods, jackets, etc. Other than that, they are some great wireless earbuds"		
5	:	this is my 2nd pair of headphone from otium wireless and i must say for the price point cant beat it sound is good battery life last and very comfortable will buy again...		
5	:	"They are very good headphones, I use them to run and they are the seconds that I buy to give to my girlfriend. Excellent price and quality of services. Thank you"		
5	:	"Enjoy these every day. Battery life is good , lasting about a week ,using every day"		
5	:	Love how well they fit		
1	:	"The headphones sound fine. The volume up/down button rattles when running and creates a terribly annoying sound in your right ear. I???m not sure if this is a defect exclusive to my set, but I would not recommend if you???re planning on using these for running. Otherwise, I suppose they would suffice."		
2	:	"These sound great, when they stay in, which is only for about 30 seconds. My ears are fairly small and even with the smallest ear pieces I cannot get them to stay in."		
3	:	"First I will say that the sound quality is great, after that not so great. The ear piece holders are to flimsy to hold the earbuds in place, especially when running. Need to be made witj a little stronger material.  Disappointed!!!"		
4	:	"My son didn???t have these headphones any time before they broke. Amazon sent him a new pair, now they are broke.  Did not last a year. However, company did replace and give a extension to the warranty!"		
4	:	I like the overall quality of the headset. Now thy fit as expected. The quality of the sound is good.		
2	:	Not great sound quality when compared to my Sony earbuds.		
5	:	"I use them running,biking, at the gym and traveling, I'm very happy with them."		
3	:	Too clunky		
5	:	Great for the price		
5	:	Great sound. Work great.		
5	:	"I???ve tried 8 different types of Bluetooth headphones, and these are by far the best. Easy to connect to your phone, battery lasts forever, and range is very long. Couldn???t be happier with these headphones!"		
5	:	Very good headset. The battery last very long and the volume and bass on this is amazing for the price of the item.		
5	:	Amazing sound quality. Wish it was a lil tighter on the ear but still comfortable and does not come off easily. The hook is soft so there is no discomfort to my ears.		
4	:	great sound quality but i have a bit difficulty getting them to stay in my ear canal.  wish the ear wires could flex tighter around the ear. otherwise good product.		
5	:	Great for working out.		
5	:	"Previously had a similar pair, from (Treblab).  The Otium are superior in reception, and over ear loop.  Wearing outside, the Treblab would regularly loose reception.  Not once has the Otium lost reception in areas that would be lost with the Treblab. Great for the money, would recommend."		
5	:	These headphones works great! The quality is just as good as the name brand headphones. I will definitely purchase again!		
5	:	"Otium, Made me believer in their product. They persuade me they could deliver the best Wireless Bluetooth headphones available on the market .The customer services was hands down one my best experiences..... Thanks again!"		
5	:	Great sound and long Bluetooth range		
4	:	Sound fairly good for the $$$		
5	:	LOVE these fits in my small ears		
2	:	"Good Volume, poor audio quality, on my first run(20 min) the right earpiece stopped working.Dont buy cheap bluetooth earbuds, this is my second brand I try and they dont last a month"		
1	:	Absolutely horrible quality. Not even sure why they???re still being sold. 2 thumbs down.		
5	:	Wife loves them		
3	:	"If you sweat, the earpiece will move around.  Good quality for the price."		
5	:	I use this for running and house cleaning. I???m satisfied with the product. The only negative is that I wish there was a longer warning before the battery dies.		
5	:	I get really sad when I have to take these off to charge them. I can't live without them.		
5	:	"I bought this as a gift for my dad. This EarPod is easy to carry, it comes with a case. Very good for everyday work out. He loves it, and I plan to buy another one for myself"		
3	:	"These do not stay in my ears very well and I don???t find them very comfortable. Sound is good and battery life is great, however."		
5	:	These sound awesome for the price. Feel like good quality too. Love them so far!!!		
5	:	For what you get for money spent you are getting one hell of a deal!! Really how complicated do Bluetooth head phones need to be??		
5	:	"Having wireless plugs is so very nice.  It's  freeing from all the issues you have with cording up to a phone, or other electronic.  They are comfortable for ear buds.  They stay put when working out, which is a real plus.  The over the ear hoops are soft enough not to annoy, or irritate the skin around your ear.  They're well made, and come with a handy carrier you can throw in your gym bag or purse.  They hold a charge, charge up pretty quickly, which I appreciate a lot.  Would buy them again, if I needed to."		
5	:	I use these when at the gym.  I have active routines and these ear buds stay in place.  They are also so light I forget I am wearing them.  Sound is very good.  All for under $19!  Very happy with this purchase.		
5	:	Great sound quality for the price. Very Pleased Indeed!		
5	:	Great product.  I love it.		
5	:	"Bought for a fiend, he loves them"		
5	:	Keeps losing connection and battery only lasts 2 hours max. Update offered me full refund to buy another pair plus 2 years free warranty didn???t have to thank you. Definitely buy another pair????		
5	:	"Sound is pretty good, eight hours of play... Good buy"		
5	:	"In a small bag, looks cute!"		
5	:	Much better quality than expected. No problems pairing. Ran in the rain with no problems.		
5	:	Bought this as a gift.  So far great sound and doesn't fall out during workout.  Looks great too.		
5	:	Great for price		
2	:	"Sound is decent, good battery life but these just don???t stay in my ears. I spend more time adjusting them than I do enjoying them."		
5	:	Works well.		
5	:	"I've been using it for two days, great product, battery lasts long and comes with good sound quality."		
4	:	works great		
1	:	Died after a month and seller no where to be found.		
5	:	WonderfulWorks great ..		
5	:	"SO satisfied with this product!Easy to use, they stay on the whole time while I run, the sound is great....and 20ish bucks! can't beat that"		
4	:	I have purchased several of these headphones.  I use them when I exercise.  They are easy to connect to bluetooth.  Battery life is about 7 hours.  They charge quickly.  Overall they are great for what I need.		
5	:	These headphones are so great that 2 days after I got them someone vandalized my car window just to steal them.		
4	:	good quality. Battery doesn't last very long		
2	:	"I wasn???t expecting much for the price. Sound quality is marginal, which is fine for running and working out. But the real problem is they kept falling out during just a warm up run pace."		
5	:	"I opened them just now and I had them set up in 30 seconds. The reason that this is awesome is because I???m technologically illiterate and I usually have so much trouble setting up Bluetooth. I didn???t even have to read the directions!!These are very user friendly, the sound is great, and they come with its own case(with a D-ring attached) and a little net to hold the extras. It also comes with a USB charger and 2 extra pairs of ear bud pads. It far exceeded my expectations considering that they didn???t even cost that much.VERY SATISFIED!!"		
5	:	A++++		
5	:	Works great. Can't complain.		
1	:	it stop working.		
5	:	"Sound quality is slightly better than my old otium Bluetooth headphone, but this noise isolation isn't good. Looks big but very light weight. Overall, this is s good pair of sport bluetooth headphone."		
5	:	"So far so good, They come with a nice case, I am very pleased with this purchase!"		
5	:	I wanted some bluetooth headphones for running at the gym. The bluetooth paring was good. The battery life very good to me. The sound is decent. They don't fall out when I run. I'd certainly recommend them for the gym.		
5	:	The best headphone for the price		
4	:	Good voice clarity and low bass - good buy for the money.		
5	:	worked great and easy to use.		
3	:	"Have pretty good sound quality, pairs easily. Cord is very long and gets tangled, and the earpieces can get pretty uncomfortable. One of the earbuds stopped working after just a couple of months, so now only one side works."		
4	:	Sounded good. Never connected after first time to same device... seller gave advice to delete from source.  It worked after that.		
5	:	"El sonido es bastante bueno pero no excelente, la vida de la bateria es aceptable y lo que me agrada mas es que no se corta la transmision de la se??al aun entre las paredes de por medio."		
1	:	Trash quality		
4	:	Works well. Sometimes i would hear scratching noises but it goes away after a while.		
1	:	This was my second purchase. First one stop charging after 6 months and left ear no longer work. Second one hard time connecting to Bluetooth. And hard to hear even at max volume and alot of static		
5	:	"Great valued wireless sports ear buds!  I bought these over the Black Friday Daily Deal sale.  I did not expect much.  Yet, am pleasantly surprised once I charged it and put them on.  The default ear buds fit perfectly for me.  They aren't noise cancelling, but because of the perfect fit, I feel enclosed and away from the grunting meatheads in the gym.  It stays charged, for what seems forever (I charge it once a week.  I use it 5 days a week for the gym).  The range isnt all that great,  but just keep your phone in your pocket, and you will be all good.If you aren't brand specific on ear buds,  but these.  Excellent stuff."		
5	:	"These little headphones are pretty awesome. It's a gift for my husband, he likes it a lot. Really well packed and fast shipped, high quality, totally worth the money."		
5	:	"Awesome.  Bought a pair for myself, then a pair for my wife.  Easy to use.  I have large ears, and my wife has small years.  Fit both sizes well.  Frequently used during workouts.  Holds charge."		
4	:	"great sound and connection to my galaxy, good deal for the price"		
3	:	"I have the earlier model of otium wireless head sets. surprisingly I found the older one better in sound quality, which is little cheaper. This is just different color pattern on ear buds"		
1	:	Does not fit my ear and would constantly come out of my ear		
5	:	"These are amazing worth the buy,"		
5	:	"I wear these every day.  During my bus commutes, and on my walks.  The Bluetooth connects reliably, the sound is very good, and they stay in my ears; That's all I really want from them."		
5	:	"works great. comfortable, compact."		
5	:	"I had a pair of beats that died within a year of purchase, these are 1/4 the price and perform even better!"		
1	:	Not sweat resistant.. used them three times and they are already broken. Buyer beware		
4	:	Holds up great and the battery last forever. I can hear a slight rattle from the volume button when running. Other then that awesome product.		
5	:	Excellent !!!?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????		
5	:	"Use these so muuuuuuch! :) I love them they'r easy to use on iPhone, Android, and iMac. I enjoy using them a loooooot."		
5	:	"Great sound, battery lasts a long time.  I only wish the headphones didn't constantly say ""low battery"" when they need re-charging.  Otherwise great budget headphone!"		
1	:	"Stopped working after a month, I???d recommend another brand but I guess you get what you pay for"		
5	:	Good		
3	:	It is not the best sounding headphones which im not surprised because of the price but if you need some affordable wireless earbuds to get the job done then these are fine.		
1	:	I purchased these headphones a couple weeks ago. One time in the sauna with these and they will not turn back on. I have tried multiple things to try to get them to work as well. I am very disappointed with the outcome of this product.		
5	:	Excellent sound and connection.		
5	:	I???m amazed at how good these are my beats broke I grabbed these why I was going to send them out but the quality is so good I desided not to fix my beats!!!		
5	:	Showed up a day early and works great!  Easy to setup and use.		
4	:	"This is the 2nd version of these headphones that I've purchased and they are good. Nice sound, just enough noise cancellation, and hold the charge for the full 8 hours. Good purchase. (First pair, one of the ear buds stopped working.)"		
1	:	"Stopped working after couple of months. Used them for running, and they stopped worked mid run. Figured the battery died, however, they won???t even charge anymore."		
2	:	"The piece that goes around the ear is flimsy and not adjustable. It is to big for my kids, which are 13 and 10. If the over the ear piece was stiffer and adjustable there would be no problem."		
5	:	Just ordered these this morning received them at 5pm. Synced them to my iPhone and holy crap. Sound quality is amazing.  I like them more than my $100 pair of sport headphones I bought at Best Buy.  Great buy I highly recommend this product.		
1	:	Broken after 3 uses.		
5	:	"The best, cheap bluetooth headphones you'll find!  They truly last for 9 hours!!"		
5	:	Batteries last about 8 hours on a charge.  Good sound quality.  Fit nice and dont bother your ears.		
4	:	"Value for money. Easy to link to iphone. Also checked the phone hands free feature, works well."		
5	:	"Great price, fantastic performance. These actually have some nice bass to them! Great sound, whether on a plane, cutting the grass, at the gym, etc. I will definitely get a second pair!"		
2	:	"Work well for a solid 3 months, then they began to shut off or disconnect from device constantly."		
5	:	"Easy to set up, sound is amazing. 2nd product bought from this seller, will purchase again in the future."		
5	:	Excellent pair of earbuds. The battery last quite a long time and you can actually see the life of the battery on your phone since there is a little battery icon that shows you around how much battery you have.		
4	:	Great product for the price and does exactly what it claims.  Can get a little staticy sometimes but morning major.		
4	:	Battery life and sound quality is very good. These are great headphones for the price. Had to contact the company after having a damaged product and they took care of me right away.		
5	:	Very easy setup. The price is super good given the quality of this earphone. I also like the case coming with it. I can hang it on my daily bag so the earphone won't get lost.		
5	:	Great set of headphones		
5	:	It seems to have a long lasting battery.  I would recommend buying		
5	:	Good good sound comfortable and best of all good price		
4	:	Great bargain		
5	:	5 stars! Great price and great buy!		
4	:	The headphones sound quality is very good. I use them while working out & speaking on the phone. Only dislike is that you hear all the background noise. No blackout of noise.		
5	:	Buen producto		
2	:	"Everything was going good.  Worked perfectly. Really enjoyed the sound.  Then all of a sudden, stopped charging.  Light doesn't come on doesn't charge at all."		
2	:	Bought these to use while gardening outside but they constantly cut in and out di to the bluetooth connection.  I guess I get what I paid for.		
2	:	If you are looking for cheap wireless headphones these will get the job done. If you are looking for high quality sound and bass these are not for you. The bass is simply awful.		
5	:	They are perfect		
4	:	Picks up alot background noise during phone call.		
5	:	Easy to use and it is very useful.		
1	:	Absolute Junk...unable to take a charge after just 6 weeks.  Would have given 0 stars but it is not an option.		
4	:	Great for the gym! Sound is decent and the price is great!		
5	:	"Perfect noise cancellation features. Battery life is stellar.  Good buy, you wont regret it"		
5	:	"Great blue tooth distances from phone, great feel with multiple ear bud options, quality material and over all great product."		
5	:	"Excellent sound. Waterproof!!! As a pool guy, I can say they sound perfect even after getting them submerged.Excellent gift idea."		
5	:	Im ver please with my purchase and im going buy another one for my daughter...		
5	:	Better cheaper version of beats headphones		
5	:	Great headphones. Long battery life. Great sound. Good fit.		
5	:	Great headphones for the price.		
4	:	I bought them in March and they have quit working. They worked well up until June 25.		
5	:	Great quality headphones for the price. They work perfectly even when I???m training in rainy days.		
2	:	Thought they would be better for working out		
5	:	The BEST purchase of the year! So convenient. The battery life is excellent and the features are seamless.		
2	:	Sound is great. I???d give a better rating but I paid for the newer model and was sent the older model.		
5	:	Stay in place and comfortable.		
1	:	"Worked great for about 2 weeks then would not hold a charge, garbage."		
3	:	These are good cheap headphones but won't really last a long time. Just use them while you save up for some good ones		
5	:	These are awesome great sound I had a friend listen to them and he went out and got a set		
5	:	I???m impressed. Great audio quality for less than 20  bucks. Easy to use and compatible with iPhone 6s		
1	:	"Went for a Run today morning, the product went OFF and now is DEAD. 3 months last. I would like my money back. Thank you or another pair!"		
5	:	I love these. My wife and I use these daily.		
3	:	Good sound but not much on the noise cancellation side but I guess they didn't claim to be.		
3	:	I think they work awesome! But the one you sent me doesnt look like the picture it look like the other otium wireless headphones with the option of red or black.. I was hoping for it to look like the picture....		
1	:	These broke within 5 days of receiving them with nothing done to them. This is the second pair that has only played out of one ear within two weeks. Terrible product.		
2	:	"I bought these for exercise and they don't stay in your ears, they aren't even as loud as apple headphones, i would not recommend."		
5	:	"Good bass, great quality for the price. Couldn't be happier. They're great for workout headphones."		
5	:	great sound easy to use		
4	:	"Update**** I am impressed with the customer service.  They replaced our old pair,  new one working great!After only 3 months battery no longer holds a charge and one side no longer works."		
5	:	These sound pretty darn good for the price!		
2	:	Good sound quality but don???t stay in ears when I???m running. The ear pieces need to be adjustable to accommodate all ear shapes.		
5	:	Good item for under 20 with promotion coupon vendor had surprisingly good bass normal bluetooth connectivity and range loud overall happy good battery had for 3 months		
5	:	Great product!!  And unbelievable price!  Shipped very fast.  Would definitely recommend!		
2	:	Impossible to set- up. Poorly written instructions!		
1	:	Stopped working after a little over a month. Amazon won???t let me return it after a month. I understand now why these headphones only cost $20. F*** Otium.		
5	:	Son says they work great!		
5	:	Well been using them for a week now everyday very impressed. Pretty close to beats headphones. Happy with purchase		
4	:	Fit on wears well for the most part. Had some trouble with them moving on my ears while running.		
5	:	Great value and good price recommended		
5	:	Great earphones. Good battery life. Quick charging. Highly recommend these.		
4	:	Ear buds work great.  Very comfortable.  I would???ve given 5 stars if the size of black boxes connected to the ear buds was smaller.  A little large but worth the price.		
5	:	Use this for working out in gym and running on treadmill. Great quality sound and holds a charge for my whole week of workouts.		
5	:	These Bluetooth Headphones are perfect.  The sound is great and it includes extra ear piece to adjust the fit. Love them!		
3	:	"Good sound quality but the buds themselves, no matter which set I used, hurt my ears after a few minutes"		
5	:	Love it!!		
5	:	Good buy. Recommended!		
5	:	Had issues with my headphonesa and Otium reached out and made me whole and the new ones are working just fine		
5	:	Great headphones. Use them at the gym and only have to charge them about once a week. Fantastic quality and a nifty carrying case.		
4	:	Giving 4 star no strong base. But for the price its worth it. Defnetly recommend		
5	:	I love these wireless Bluetooth headphones. The sound quality is excellent and the prices is very good.		
2	:	"These headphones were great for about 3 weeks. Then overnight the Bluetooth stopped working and would no longer connect to multiple devices. Sadly, I have to return them."		
5	:	"first pair of wireless set , feels like a great investment lol"		
5	:	Amazing for the price ????		
1	:	Warning! Do not purchase these! Mine only worked twice!		
5	:	????????		
4	:	"Great sound quality, but a little bit big for my ears and starts to bother my right ear after awhile. Holds a good charge and has good range"		
5	:	"I was plesantly surprised by these.  Easy to setup, comfortable to wear, and battery life is as good as can be expected."		
4	:	Bought some beats...didnt kast as long as these.		
5	:	I really like these headphones. Great quality for the price! I???ve used mine every day and haven???t had any issues with the battery or otherwise! Highly recommend		
5	:	Love em. Great headphones. Nothing can beat the price. I can run or jump they always stay in place :)		
5	:	The wireless headphones is so useful. I was amazed at the sound quality and prefered them to regular headphones because of the sound quality. Very happy with the fast shipping.		
5	:	excellent definitely recomend		
5	:	I have these 20 dollar headphones while everyone else in the gym has the 150 dollar headphones. Mine work great so why spend the money?		
3	:	It feels good and the sound is decent the bass isn???t what I expected the last pair I had sounded much better and connected easier to my Bluetooth devices		
5	:	Great product.Really good value for money and intend on buying more		
5	:	The shipment arrived on time and the headphones are working perfectly.		
2	:	"The description says it all. If you can get past that, maybe the charge on it and Bluetooth connection would be worth it, but I don't know for myself."		
4	:	"Pro- Great battery life, great audio quality, and cool design.Con- Can make ear ""sore/hurt"" after a while of wearing it because the corner of device pokes a bit."		
5	:	"Full sound and fit comfortably. Comes with additional ear pieces and charging cord. My first Bluetooth headphones were very similar, Hopday brand, and my cat chewed the cord ????"		
5	:	These are easy for my son to carry to school and on trips. Great price and good quality.		
5	:	I bought these to workout then I fell in love with them and use them for everything. The sound quality is perfect. I could not be more satisfied. They are also a great price!		
2	:	The sound quality is ok. My problem is that constantly are constantly reconnecting (via bluetooth) with my iPhone even while I am listening to music.		
3	:	"Sound is awesome! However, one of the electronics covers snapped off and is lost. I'll be returning this unit."		
3	:	"A bit bulky around the ears. The sound quality isn't terrible, but it's understandable for the price. Reasonable product for the price."		
5	:	Exactly what I was looking for I use them for work and they hold her charge all day sounds great		
5	:	I absolutely love these! They got my ear perfectly and dont fall of while in working out.		
5	:	Great inexpensive headsets		
3	:	Its electronic functions work well. the actual ear piece that hooks your ear is flimsy.		
4	:	"I am a late adopter when it comes to the wireless/blue tooth game. This is due mainly to the reports on battery life, and loss of signal while listening to music/podcasts etc., from personal sources and forums. The sound of this product is sufficient for most genres of music. This product seems to have an issue with really intricate metal, however it still sounds better than most in ear headphones. Your more mainstream genres such as Classical, Jazz, POP, Electro, Rock, Country, R&B, Hip Hop, et cetera sound great. I purchased these during a flash sale for 16.00 USD. Definitely worth your money. I will update when the battery life starts to dissipate so that future consumers will be made aware of the average product life."		
5	:	Nice audio quality and good fit. Very nice product and I would buy this again		
4	:	"Sound very good, fit well, excellent value"		
1	:	The headphone bass sucks but their pretty cool wireless headphones overall		
5	:	I use it every day. Highly recommend.V. Good value for the price.		
4	:	the earphones are loud and they customer service is great!		
5	:	Awesome!		
5	:	"Great, great product. You will love it!!"		
1	:	"Got these and worked great. Easy to pair to blue tooth sound was good, but after 5 months dead!"		
5	:	working great and as described - I love my new found freedom without wire!!		
5	:	"This product exceeded my expectations for the price, sound as good as my $200 Beats."		
5	:	Great product		
5	:	This was an amazing product great battery life and the sound quality was above my expectations for something this cheap		
5	:	"I bought this for my kid, and he is happy!!!!! Very confortable and great audio quality"		
4	:	Works good but earpieces can't adjust		
5	:	Great headphones really loved so much that i lost the first pair on the first week and got another without giving it a second thought.		
4	:	Not very clear but they stay on the ear really well during my runs		
5	:	"Headphones arrived when expected, more comfortable than other bluetooth headphones I've used and easy to use."		
5	:	Working out and running with these are easy to do without them coming out. The bass on them is great and they have great charge. Glad I got these.		
4	:	Works as expected. Better design than previous version. sound quality decent. Good for price.		
5	:	Love them . still hold a long charge after having and using them so long		
5	:	Worked well especially for the price		
4	:	Good sound. Fast charging		
4	:	Not good for listening to music.. dies to early.		
5	:	Very easy to pair and high quality. Love these headphones.		
5	:	Great buy .		
5	:	Very good		
5	:	The price		
1	:	Battery stopped taking a charge after a few months. Good while they lasted		
1	:	This product would never connect with my IPhone 6plus. I had to buy a better set from Apple.		
1	:	"I don't understand why this product has so many 5 star reviews - my experience with this product has been anything but satisfactory, let me explain;First I bought another brand of wireless bluetooth headphones (very similar to the Otium headphones) on Amazon. Like the Otium model, they were low priced ($19.99) and had plenty of 4 and 5 star reviews; the headphones sounded great but completely died after only using them for 3 days (they would no longer charge or turn on). So I returned them and bought the Otium headphones instead. The Otium headphones worked fine for about a week, then they slowly started to self-destruct; first the volume buttons stopped working, then the headphones would only charge up intermittently. Resetting the headphones would sometimes make them work for a short period of time, but after a few more days of usage they would no longer charge or turn on. At this point I was starting to become wary of these inexpensive wireless headphones, but I thought I would give them one more try to rule out that maybe I had just been unlucky and got two defective sets in a row. So I returned the Otuim headphones and bought the same model again as a replacement; the replacement headphones did the exact same thing after using them for about 10 days (problems first with the volume buttons and then problems charging them). I've tried using different charging cables and charging adapters that I know work with my other devices but still had problems getting the Otium headphones to charge. After several attempts yesterday I finally got the headphones to charge for a couple of hours, but then I tried turning them on - they powered up for a few seconds and then went completely dead. So I'm done with these - will promptly return them and will look for another solution. At this point I really question the build quality on any of these sub $25.00 wireless headphones - not sure if the answer is to pay more for wireless headphones (that will hopefully have a better build quality) or just go back to using wired headphones."		
5	:	Very pleased		
1	:	Great sound.  Very light.  Died within 3 months.  Very disappointed.		
5	:	works well		
1	:	"They constantly cut out in the right ear, 90% of the time it doesn't work."		
1	:	Product sounds great as long as you keep the paired device within 6 inches. Any farther than that and the audio gets choppy and intermittently disconnects.		
5	:	Works exactly as advertised!		
5	:	Comfortable fit and fairly clear audio. Great value for the price.		
2	:	They won't recharge or turn back on.		
5	:	This headphone is fantastic! I bought it for my friend and he said he cannot do sports without this anymore!		
5	:	"These are amazing headphones! They are the most comfortable headphones I've ever worn! They sit perfectly on my ear and feel like they can be worn for hours without discomfort! The sound quality is unparalleled! These sounds just as good as my friend's ""beats"" that we're over $150! They come with a perfect size carrying case as well. They are light weight on your ears and have the perfect length cord. I highly recommend these to anyone looking for a sweat proof high quality superior sound wireless headphones!"		
4	:	"Great for the money, not greatest sound quality but would buy again!"		
5	:	"Best thing ive ever brought, they so loud and have never fallen of your ear doing any kind of sport ????????????"		
5	:	"While I had a few issues with the first headphone I ordered, Otium's customer service helped me work through it promptly. The headphones themselves work just as described."		
5	:	These connect really fast and sound pretty good. The bass is kind of dim but for the money they do well!		
5	:	I left mine on for over 3days and their still going		
5	:	Perfect fit and great sound!!!!!		
5	:	Great quality and sound. I'm very happy with my purchase.		
1	:	"Excellent packing and presentation...sound, think they respond a bit faster too.Who needs to spend 100$ on Beats with quality like this1 Month Update: Left phone blown...always kept in pod case, never exposed to moisture or stepped on.When I bought the warranty with the old model it turned out to be useless, so I thought ""what the hey, its only 20$ bucks"" and ordered these. Now they're done.I won't be purchasing any more."		
5	:	No complaints but just satisfied!!		
4	:	So far so good		
5	:	Love them....		
5	:	Great headphones fast charge good quality		
2	:	Does not connect to bluetooth very fast.		
5	:	Excellent. I have own beats and had to return 2 pair. These actually sound better and are much louder.  Very happy		
5	:	Los uso a diario y dura mucho la caega son muy buenos		
5	:	Love this product		
5	:	Great value for Bluetooth head phones. Work great for running as well		
3	:	"Good product for the price - one of the cheaper bluetooth workout-friendly headsets I've tried, but has lasted the longest and worked most consistently.Pros:- low price, decent sound- sweatproof, have not had any issues with moisture- decent battery life - seems like 7-8 hours of use on a charge, and re-charges quicklyCons:- earpieces aren't great at staying on, slip off often, seems like the 'over the ear hooks' are too flimsy. If stiffer, might hold better.- strap that lays on your neck is a bit too stiff and sticky, have found that if I turn my head (ex: to check traffic when running), the strap sometimes sticks on my neck and rips an earbud out (due to point above), which is annoying. Neckstrap should be more forgiving and softer- battery low indicator gives you a heads up around 5 minutes before the headphones die (battery indicator on phone typically still shows 1/3 full. Would be better if it gave you a 30 minute warning."		
1	:	It???s so clunky and big and only one ear phones works so disappointing		
5	:	Great pair for the price!		
5	:	"Works great,,, can even hear bass, easy to use, use mine at work where it's very noisy"		
5	:	Good sound quality and they fit great and stay in place while weightlifting		
1	:	Worked great until it died and now it wont charge.		
3	:	"These are OK ONLY because the ear wraps are way too flimsy.  If the ear wrap were more sturdy then Id have given this a 5 star.  The ear wraps are designed to keep the pods in your ear, but these are so loose that the pods often wiggle out causing you to continue to press the pods back in your ears.  If the ear wraps were sturdy enough to actually press the pods into your ears slightly this product would definitely be a five, but as it stands it's only ok, especially for someone with larger ears."		
1	:	"Used them once and now they do not work, no light comes on"		
5	:	I have used these a few times since I bought them and so far I absolutely LOVE them!!!		
5	:	Great		
5	:	"Good sound quality, phone feature works easily"		
5	:	I really love them		
5	:	"Got these for my 11yr old Grand Son, he loves them."		
5	:	Good		
5	:	Good quality		
5	:	Love these!!		
5	:	"Love it, brought it on discounts and works efficiently"		
4	:	good for treadmill		
1	:	Cheap		
5	:	Hermoso me encantaron		
5	:	"The headphones, very convenient, very good, and I enjoy it very much! Recommend that you try this!"		
5	:	Received item and used immediately. The sound is very clear. The design is great.  This is a really easy to use. Can't beat the price!		
2	:	"The quality was superb, but the left earbud stopped working only 2 weeks since I got these."		
2	:	Batteries keep dieing fast after 20th use		
5	:	Great this is my second set . I love the sound and the fit		
5	:	I bought this for my husband as a gift. He likes it.		
3	:	Audio is great but the earphones have a strong smoke smell to them.		
5	:	The best sounding headphones for a great price		
4	:	sound		
5	:	sound great		
1	:	"Had decent quality for a week, but the charging port broke which means I can???t charge them anymore. Low quality, would not buy again"		
4	:	These headphones are surprisingly very affordable and sound great.		
5	:	Great product!!		
5	:	Long lasting battery!		
5	:	Very happy		
5	:	Wow just opened it and it has amazing sound!!!		
5	:	"Great headphones! Work just as advertised, no gimmicks."		
5	:	Excellent		
3	:	Stopped working :( on one side		
1	:	Stopped charging after 2nd charge ....DEAD!		
5	:	For the price is a good item.		
5	:	Work great		
5	:	Good for ues		
5	:	Good deal		
5	:	Designed well easy to use and has good sound		
5	:	"I received those headphones to try it and gave my honest review .First ,they came with a nice case with 2 xtra pairs off ears plug,they are delivered fast in a box with easy instructions on how to use and connect, also you can have extended warranty free after registering online. The Bluetooth was easy connected, I was surprise with the time the charge last ,I was able to use for more than 8 hours during the day and still have charge after ,they really are noise canceling and they have high quality sound I definitely recommend those for everyone.would like to have more Colors option. Amazing product for a very good price.????????????????????Pros: easy connected,xtra warranty,water resistant, high quality sound,noise cancelingCons:could have more Colors options"		
3	:	Great sound but not as comfortable as I thought they would be.		
5	:	Worth buying!		
4	:	"Comfortable to wear with good sound. Easy to connect to all my devices, and had no trouble connecting or keeping a connection (Mac Book Pro, iPhone, iPad). Feels light on my ears/neck, barely notice I'm wearing it. Fits well in my ears at the standard size. Great range too - I can walk around my apartment without my phone and stay connected.Just one complaint: the mic is not great - had a call with someone who couldn't hear me at all and when I switched to my Ear Pods (basic Mac headphones/mic), they said it was much better (and usually they are not great). I would love a version of these with a better mic and I'd give"		
5	:	I love them. Great sound!		
5	:	Good sounds quality with great price		
4	:	Great.		
5	:	I love them		
1	:	Bought on March 8. It's may 31st and they stopped working already. Well then. Although when they were working they did have good sound and quality.		
4	:	"Just ordered these for working out, I have large ear canals so was excited when it came with the extra gummies. They turned on and connected to my iPhone 8s+ without a problem.However, I was a little disappointed with how large the over-the-ear clasp was and was worried it would not fit properly. Albeit to my surprise as soon as I started working out, sweating and moving around it formed to my ear perfectly!was very impressed with the sound quality as well, I'm an EDM DJ and producer and for the price point of these earbuds, you really can't beat these. When I was finished working out they came out with ease so that was also a huge plus for me!!"		
5	:	very long time battery		
5	:	Nice		
5	:	"Good sound, excellent bluetooth connectivity. I could put my phone on the kitchen counter while listening to music and I never had a problem! They are comfortable with a bunch of different size buds to try in your ear. It is also very easy to locate the volume buttons while wearing. Good battery life. All in all a smart buy for the money!"		
5	:	Quality is good and easy to use.		
5	:	Love them.		
4	:	"I don't usually write reviews but I wanted to post a quick tip to those that don't want any brands or colors. I was able to black out these headphones by using a plain sharpie. Just go over the headphone brand and color. The sharpie will leave a glossy residue then just use your finger over the glossy residue and the resulting finish matches the flat black rubbery coating of these headphones. The blacked out finish seems to last since I've had the headphones. I also used some black ear buds I had from another headphone.Overall, I would rate these headphones great. The sound is a bit bass heavy but the sound isolation is amazing as well as how light these are. The only negative I would say about these headphones is the button function. I wish the + and - button function were reversed as it's not intuitive. Another peeve is the voice that states the headphones are on or off. Otherwise, well worth the purchase."		
5	:	Just what I expected		
2	:	I had high hopes for these because a couple of people at work have them as well. The battery is okay but the reception can be very bad at time where people cannot hear me on the phone and I have to resort to speakerphone. I do not know if I would recommend these you may want to purchase another product. I wish I could return them but I have used them a handful of times. They are perfect for listening to music however talking on the phone is two thumbs down		
1	:	This is worked properly for the first week but after that its not connecting properly and giving too much noise while talking and hearing the music. battery also draining too fast. probably I might got a defective piece but my experience is bad with this.also it's working for one ear piece only.Also one ear piece is not working after two months		
1	:	"Very poor headset. It crackles in your ear, will start playing music while on the phone and the other party on the phone complain that they cannot hear you. I had a predecessor that worked great and that is why I bought 2 of these. Poor decision on my part. Wasted $40 on these earbuds. Won???t be buying this brand any longer. Save your money and time and look elsewhere."		
5	:	Perfect		
5	:	Went to workout in these and they felt secure around my ears. The large power button is easy to find even in my bag and while running. Impressed by the sound quality too. Wasn't muffled and gave me a good amount of bass while not overpowering the music. The carrying case is a nice touch too.		
4	:	"I???ve had these headphones for not even two weeks and they???re already not working. At first I was amazed by the sound you get with the price point. I liked that they included multiple ear pieces, a charger, and a little grip to put on the cable to adjust it behind your neck. I used it quite a few times and I have only had to charge it twice. The third time I charged it, it went from red to blue, as always, but once I took it off the charger and attempted to turn them on, they wouldn???t. I???ve tried everything and they???re just not turning on. I followed the directions and didn???t go above the recommended voltage, so there???s no reason that they shouldn???t work. Extremely disappointed!! :((Edit: 07/02/18The company has contacted me and has offered to give me another replacement set of headphones. Hopefully they work just as well as they did before, and for longer! I???m impressed by the courtesy of the company."		
1	:	The product worked well for the first month but now it doesn't turn on or sync up. I fell bad because I gave it a good review during that month  to friends looking for a nice portable Bluetooth headset but I may have been hasty . Now I will have to buy a new headset but I won't be looking at otium audio.		
1	:	"I bought 2 pairs of these headphones. With the first pair, the left side of the headphones shorted out, and the sound became choppy. It eventually stopped working. I thought originally that maybe it was a defect, so I bought another pair. After I received the second pair, The left side of the headphones did not work at all. I am very disappointed. They were lightweight, they fit very well, and they weren't incredibly expensive. When the first pair did work, I loved them. Too bad I don't have a pair that still works. 1 star."		
1	:	"Not for active users. When I run with these, the volume buttons rattle and are loose.  Not sure how this would even be waterproof.  I will be returning as defective as you can hear the buttons rattle while being active and music is still playing.  Try another brand."		
1	:	"These headphones do not work well at all outdoors or in crowded areas. They are constantly cutting in and out while commuting outdoors or while working out at the gym. If I turn my head away from my phone, the sound will cut out completely. This is unacceptable for headphones advertised for ""Gym Running""."		
1	:	Worked ok for 2 months and now they won???t connect to anything.  I???ve tried 3 different devices and get the same result.		
5	:	"Now that I have this, I don't know if I can come back to wired headphones!!! They are so convenient to use - especially if you like riding bikes, going to the gym, or doing any other physical activities. They don't get in the way, are easy to charge. and are on sale most of the time."		
1	:	"These headphones were great while they lasted. I purchased two pairs but ultimately had issues with both pairs: the first set overheated while on the supplied power cord, and the second pair died due to what seems like sweat (I wear them while working out). Otium was good about the first set and replaced it for free, and hopefully will refund my money for the second set. They're not worth it if you have to replace them every 3-4 months."		
1	:	"Product is pretty sub-par. Volume buttons rattle when walking, the ear loop thing is overly large and unadjustable, just flolping around behind your ear. Sound quality is strange, and has a very bass-ey sound but completely neglects higher tones to the point you can hear the bass guutar but barely vocals. Not to mention extremely muffled sounds produced.Amazon suspects fake ratings and didnt allow me to post original, more thought out review."		
1	:	Tried different songs and different genres of music  just to make sure I???m getting this right but These do not sound good at all. The bass sounds like you???re listening to a blown out speaker will return		
1	:	"Gave these as a Christmas gift... they lasted until the last week of January. They were great and then they just stopped working one morning. I guess I missed the fine print about them being disposable, hm?"		
5	:	"This headphone is a very good product with clearly sound. It is very easy to set up and conect with my phone. And also the price is very nice too, not too expensive like other headphone. I like it very much. Highly recommended."		
1	:	"Random disconnecting. After a disconnect/repair unable to adjust volume and it's to loud to use. Like buying a water bucket with holes, better than nothing but equally useless. Stay away."		
4	:	"I love the sound quality of the earphones. The directions are easy to understand. The connection was fast. My only disappointment is the part that hooks around you ear. I have average sized ears and it was still big. So if you have bigger ears, you're in luck with this product. I don't mind it though since the bud part holds it securely in place in my ear and the hook is there to catch the earphones if they do fall."		
1	:	Don't work.waste of money.will cost too much to send them back.		
5	:	"Bluetooth 4.1 CSR technology and state of the art acoustic components that produce incredible sound quality with deep bass and crystal clear treble.With ergonomic design and silicone ear hooks, wireless headphones secure stay on your ears, feel great to wear and will never fall out. Allows Skip/Play/Pause on your music tracks as well as all phone use without reaching your phone. It's worth buying!"		
3	:	"Good sound quality. BUT... I???m not really a fan of the earbuds with the ear hooks. They never hook around ear properly and always slip out and feel uncomfortable, which greatly distracts from the quality of sound. I wasn???t completely satisfied."		
1	:	Hate them! They don???t stay in the ear at all. When you???re moving all over trying to workout and the earbuds keep falling out if your ear... it???s pretty annoying.		
1	:	"I bought these to pair with my Note8. Sound quality was not good. I returned them. Also, the part that goes over the ears was too big and not adjustable."		
1	:	"This had good sound.  It was simple to use.  It died after 4 months of usage.  If that is the life of this, not pleased."		
5	:	"The headphone works well and the Bluetooth is so easy to use. The mic and control on the earphone made it easy to use. love the ear hook it has, never falls."		
1	:	"Sounds terrible, but I guess you get what you pay for."		
1	:	"DON'T BUY THIS HEADSET. In the first week I owned them they dropped the bluetooth connection or my voice was garbled to after about 60 minutes of connection. Its only gotten worse, the connection started going bad after 30 mins. Now, after about one month they don't work at all. Total rip-off."		
5	:	These were a Christmas gift for my daughter.  She loved them and said they were perfect for her workouts at school.		
1	:	Fit well but the headphones went in and out with my phone in my pocket. Same thing or completely out when more than 4 feet from my phone (ie phone on ground next to me). Tried with another phone too...Same problem.		
1	:	"Too much bass, no mids or treble. Save yourself the money."		
1	:	Hook broke off while walking and lost the headphones. Also they will have a blinking blue light every few seconds which is kind of annoying		
5	:	Love them. Haven't tested the battery life but fits is comfortable and sounds great. Great value considering I use them mainly outdoors on the go and don't have to panic if I misplace them as I might if I bought Beats headphones.		
1	:	These are really uncomfortable and only charge for about 3-1/2 hours at a time. Disappointing.		
1	:	Used them once and then would never recharge.		
1	:	They do no connect to my s8 edge plus and they only stay charges and hour... pieces of crap don't buy these		
1	:	"No bass, sound quality was a joke I returned them ASAP"		
1	:	"I had these in the shower and they stop working after, complete garbage and lies... water proof yeah right!!!"		
1	:	"I was loving these headphones. They sounded great and felt great for an affordable price. HOWEVER, it's only been a month and they suddenly died. I was very careful with this product and when they broke I was just sitting down still. I am very disappointed as they died RIGHT after the return window closed."		
5	:	Nice sound. Good price.		
2	:	"Sound is fine but microphone position is very poor (just outside the right ear bud) - does not pick up my voice clearly while using the phone. I had to take it off my right ear and put it in front of my mouth for the mic to pick up. Every time I use the earpiece, they complain that they can't hear me."		
5	:	Love these earbuds for jogging and working out.		
2	:	"Works great so far. Got these to replace another set we got that was not working too good. These are great!Edited: These are actually not good for having calls outdoors for example on the train, bus or just walking on the streets because it picks up all the noise and the person could hardly hear you but they hear all the background noises clearly. I also sent voice notes to my friend and she could not hear me, only the background noise then when I replayed them I couldn't hear me either.This sucks because this is the second set of bluetooth headphones I got that are no good."		
5	:	Comes with a pouch to store the earphone. Very good sound quality and battery to last the entire day.		
5	:	This blue tooth set is easy to set up and use. It took me less than 3 minutes to set up and start using it. The battery lasts me almost a day with usage of music I play on my phone.		
5	:	"This headphone is awesome, sooooooooooooo love it. It's very fashionable. Sound is excellent. And works great with my iPhone 7 plus and iPad. I use this headphone all the time when I drive."		
4	:	"So far, So Good.  Last  for the time being.  Fit over my ear sound is fine. I use them for running and they are fine."		
5	:	"It sounds very good, for the price is worth it."		
4	:	Needs better adjustment for smaller eyes. Fits too loose on smaller ear which means its doesn't work for workouts.		
4	:	Good sound I like it		
1	:	they just stop working. wasteful in material and money. another thing to just ADD to the landfil. ????????????????????????????		
5	:	They work like they say they would . Great sound and charge last all week!		
5	:	This headphones is good for sport???when you run is hold you ear very well???you don't worry about water anything.		
5	:	"Delivered on time in great condition. First day with them, but so far they seem to be a great value with really good sound"		
1	:	less than 45 days and battery life is less than an hour.  For the price the bar is pretty low but these aren't worth the price.		
4	:	They were gifts. The receivers liked them.		
1	:	That big ass ear loop. I almost sent them back.		
5	:	"Maybe when you use this headphone, you will find the electricity down slow. Don???t care and charge everyday."		
5	:	New Work boots are always the best. Music to the ears is next.		
1	:	Battery doesn't last long.		
2	:	"Not at all what was expected.  Sound quality is not good at all.  Have to recharge after only a couple hours use.  Wishing I had saved the money on this purchase to buy better headphones.  Most reviews had these rated quite well, my experience has been not so good, it's almost like the set had been severely used and repackaged as new.  Having said that, the packaging appeared new upon receipt.  Maybe I was expecting more....."		
4	:	Battery only 2-3 hours on a charge		
2	:	"Very uncomfortable for a bit longer period. Sometimes does not need both plugged in the ear both of them, in that case you have to clip it to your clothes otherwise the weight will pull down, every single time I connect to my phone I have to adjust the volumes on ring, media and notification - bluetooth adjusting my set volume :ring and media goes higher, notifications are zero to none - even after I adjust my volume preference again during call I receive no notifications. Otherwise, its working, nice clarity sound, quick charging"		
5	:	Work work		
4	:	Good for your bucks.		
4	:	"Good headphones for training. Not sure if they are supposed to be noise suppressing but I can???t hear anyone trying to talk to get my attention when I???m working out. Battery life lasts longer than my older pair which was only 3hrs. I sweat like crazy and I???ve had a few sets of headphones for because of moisture getting inside, have had these 3+ months and no issues. However, my phone shows the battery life of the otium beats and sometimes will die when read at half-battery. Only reason for 4 stars."		
1	:	"These are the worst headphones I???ve ever used. Out of the box the sound quality was TERRIBLE. At an average volume a regular song sounded like they were totally blown out when there was any sort of bass. Besides that, they didn???t fit great, the part that hooks over the ear was too big and couldn???t retract so it didn???t serve its purpose of keeping them on my ear. The main round button that controls just about every function is in the worst possible place because if you try to adjust them while you???re working out (you will have to because they fit so terribly) you inevitably hit the button every. single. time. Overall they were terrible and I returned them after the first use."		
3	:	"Do NOT buy these for running. When I wear these running or if there is wind when I'm walking outside it's like listening to your car stereo with the windows down. When running you have to turn the volume way up to hear anything over the wooshing and whistling these make as air moves past them. If you don't plan to run or wear these outside, they are great, comfy, loud, sound good, last a long time, easy to use controls, the cord is stays out of the way even when working out etc, they look pretty good. Being picky but the over the ear peices are a bit big and tall, I don't think you can use these to give Siri commands while your iPhone is in your pocket, that is a feature my old Bluetooth headphones had. For the price these are amazing headphones as long as you don't run or experience any wind. These really seam to amplify any moving air."		
3	:	"The sound is good enough. But the design is terrible.The over-the-ear piece does not really fit well and is uncomfortable (I have pretty average male ears). I found these not as secure in my ears as my SoundPeats Q30s, which have no earpieces. Go figure.Putting the controls on the right earpiece looks good but is a disaster. Every time you adjust the fit in your ears, you may skip a song (or hang up the phone???). and every time you adjust the volume or skip a song, you change the ear position.My Q30's sound seems equally good, but the lightweight plastic bar on the right ear wire is much more user-friendly and the magnets to keep it around your neck when not in your ears are great. (I have to hook the Otium earpieces together which is nowhere near as secure.)The assortment of earbud tips is very handy -- I used the largest, a relative used the smallest on hers.The big hard-shell carrying case is good for travel or purse, useless for pocket."		
3	:	"I'm an avid music and audio book lover. Call me what you want, I prefer great music or a good audio book over the garbage on TV nowadays. I don't think I can do my job (I work as a technology analyst) well if I dont take what plays the best flavor for focus and concentration seriously. I currently own a pair of Powerbeats 2. They're the most awesome pair of headphones I've ever owned in my experience. But they're the older model and battery does not last maybe but 6 hours. Plus they're a bit pricey. I was looking for something not so expensive that can hold me over till my Beats recharged and to use while laying down and listening to audio books without feeling so bad if I break them. Ive had these for about 2 months now and I believe this should be enough time to test them and share my experience.The good:Good sound quality. Holds up it's promise of noise cancelling. Reached I'd say 50 feet+ if nothing blocking. 30 maybe with closed door or wall. Durable against sweat. There's a voice that comes on that clearly tells you if connected or not instead of a tune (which Beats uses same tune for connect and disconnect so you're not sure sometimes which it is). Power lasts for a good while too. On an 8 hour day, I don't recall having to charge.The bad:If you have smaller ears, this is not for you. The part that wraps around the ear isn't adjustable or doesn't stay formed to your ear. Sometimes they fall off. This can get cumbersome because I wear glasses. I have to resort to wearing them slightly crooked if I have these on. I prefer the controller on my left ear. If that's important to you, this product's controller is on the right. The circle piece that holds the extra slack wire tight around your neck is a joke. It keeps coming off completely. I just replaced with a small hair claw clip. Can't see it as my hair covers it up anyway, but still..In conclusion, great backup headphones till your favorite ones charge and you can wear to bed without feeling bad if they bend because they didn't cost much."		
1	:	Very dissapointed as they don???t fit my kids ears and I need to return 2 pairs but the return date expired! I ordered them for Christmas and now can???t return them? Hopefully we can make it right somehow!		
1	:	"Connecting it via bluetooth was relatively easy. But I think the speakers are of low-quality. Bass is heavily muddled and sound as if speakers are cracked, even at low volume. I am using this with iPhone 7 and my Apple earphones sound far better than these. I tried to reset the connection as it looks like that was suggested to another buyer but still same problem. Bass sound similar to low-quality airplane headsets. A personal preference issue with this unit is that you have to hold down the up/down volume for 3 seconds to skip or reverse a track. This is fairly cumbersome when using the unit during runs.Overall very disappointing but I guess you get what you pay for."		
1	:	"I don't know if I got a bad one or not. But every time I put my phone in The inside of my wool coat pocket.  The Bluetooth keeps disconnecting! We're talking about a foot difference of distance. Then I have a problem , when I have for example my navigation program on or software I should say, it only gives me part of the beginning words every time it speaks. I'd like the idea that it's Bluetooth and fits well around my ears. It had so many good reviews I thought these were it. The options for music playing,stopping,  answer phone calls is great. I think, I received  a bad one or batch--is my only rational explanation aside from it being junk. Anyways, this is my experience. H"		
2	:	"Seem to be well built and crafted.  However, I just cannot sacrifice sound quality to this extent.  My numerous pairs of wired earbuds produce much better fidelity.  These bring a very muddied listening experience.  Vocals such as podcasts are difficult to discern to the point of frustration even with bass reduction settings.  Could be an acceptable, even good product for some, but for me the distortion was just too much.  In the drawer they go for use in a pinch only.  A disappointment."		
3	:	"Nice for the price, great range; however, don't try riding a bicycle with them on...they do not block noise at all...real bummer too."		
4	:	"These are designed well for Bluetooth wired earphones. Especially for $23 they look decent when wearing (look kind of bulky) but it???s better than having inline controls on the wire.The sound is ok. I was trying to compare these to apple earphones that came with my iPhone 6s because that is the reason I bought a new pair of earphones. Someone took two pairs I had so I needed a replacement. Figured I???d try a pair of Bluetooth earphones that were around the same price as apple earphones. So from what I can tell so far using them for maybe 30minutes. They???re built well, very easy to connect to; skipping songs forward and back, pause and play easy to understand & get the hang of. The only gripes I have are the sound quality compared to apple earphones aren???t the same quality these Bluetooth earphones are not as clear and they don???t go louder than someone would need to go. Which I like to have that option. But what make these worth it SO FAR (we???ll see how long they last for) is that they are 1. Bluetooth 2. build quality is good 3. sound is ok 4. they come with 1yr and 6 month warranty 5. Accessories are really nice 6. Noise Canceling works great (I have a movie playing & cant hear anything coming from the tv at all). These factors kind of make up for that lack in sound comparing them to apple earphones. Wired Apple phones cost $30. So the features definitely make these worth it so far.EDIT (May 15,2018): After listening to earphones over the last weeks I have a change of mind. The sound quality is actually good. And I would recommend these Bluetooth earphones. Very well worth the price; comparing them to wired Apple earphones."		
1	:	"Bought for a Christmas gift and after about a month they stopped working, won???t charge. Disappointed as I bought a slightly more basic pair of this brand in June for myself and it???s still working after lots of use."		
1	:	"Worked great. Until it fried when I was charging it. Owned it for less than 3 months. I will shop a different brand, as this is the second headset from Otium that I have had horrible outcome with. I???m afraid to charge my headsets now, as that electrical fire could have ruined my life, quite literally."		
1	:	"So, these headphones were delivered yesterday while I was at work. Once I got home, I read through the directions because I wasn???t sure how to pair them, and it looked pretty simple. I plugged them in to see if they were charged, saw a blue light, good.I took them off the charger, held the multi-function button (MFB) for eight seconds to pair. Nothing happened, I didn???t see the LED???s blink at all. I tried again, holding it longer. Still nothing. I thought ???Ok, maybe they???re on because I just had them plugged in charging.??? I held the MFB for three seconds, thinking this would turn them off if they were on. Tried holding the MFB for eight again??? Still nothing. Okay, not looking so great.I repeated this cycle a few times where I held the MFB for eight+ seconds a few times, held for three seconds to turn on/off, and repeated to no avail. I decided that maybe the blue light was deceiving and it wasn???t actually fully charged, so I plugged them in again, and realized I could try doing a factory reset. The light was red immediately when I plugged in, but switched to blue in less than a second. I held for three seconds and it seemed like the red and blue LEDs blinked. Good. I unplugged the charger and repeated the cycles a few more times, again, to no avail.Alright, I decided to let them sit and charge while I cook and eat dinner, even though the light went from red to blue in a second after being plugged in. Approximately two and a half hours passed by the time I got back to the headphones, and they still showed blue. I, again, reset them and repeated the process. Again, to no avail. I am unsure if this is a problem with the battery or what it could otherwise be. The MFB and LEDs do seem to work when I attempt a reset when plugged in but I don???t seem to get a response otherwise.I tried wearing them and seeing if I could hear anything ??? If they are indeed supposed to speak when turned on/off, I cannot hear it doing so. Overall, I am lead to believe the battery is completely dead and nonfunctional and not simply uncharged because the only time I can get an LED to work or a response from the MFB is when they are plugged in and charging. I tried leaving them plugged in charging overnight which I didn???t think would help but figured I???d try, it did not help. Very disappointing, I was hopeful for a decent pair of low price wireless ear buds based on other the reviews. Having this happen out of the box is simply frustrating since at first I thought I just wasn???t pairing it or turning it on properly even having read the instructions."		
1	:	Already quit working		
1	:	"Worst wireless headphones. The surrounding ear piece sits up way too high to keep a grip on your ear. It might as well not even be there. Plus, the buttons to raise and lower the volume were very loose so each step I took I could hear a loud clicking like someone was shaking a glass jar of pennies next to my ear, it was so loud even my running partner was wondering what the clicking sound was!!! I couldn???t even hear my music in my right ear. It gave me a headache and I soon just took the right earpiece off and tucked it into my sports bra so I could finish my run in piece... but that didn???t happen because the buttons clicked so loud I could still hear it, it was super annoying. I had a pair of Treblab earphones that were awesome ($35) but I lost them at the gym and thought these would be a good replacement, I???d rather run in silence. Sent these back within three hours of receiving them."		
1	:	"Sound is really bad, waaaay too much bass, so much that even if you listen at a low volume it hurts your ears, and I love rock and rap.BT connection gets jumpy if you put the phone in your pocket! I had to skate with the phone in my hand to listen to music without interruption.I bought it and came to my country, so I won't be able to return it, I'm completely disappointed with this product."		
5	:	"I am easily annoyed by the way a pair of headphones will sound and will give headphones away to people if I dislike the audio quality. I bought these off a prime deal because I do not feel like spending over 100 dollars on a pair of bluetooth headphones I do not get to test out beforehand to determine if I am going to keep them or give them away. I almost canceled this order and am glad that I did not.They really do a great job at noise canceling and when there is music playing, I can not hear anything but the music. At first, I had the audio on my phone and the headphones to the fullest and the bass did distort the sound. Once I lowered the volume  on the headphones, the sound was clear and crisp. I wore these for yardwork, for my run, and when walking the dog. They fit perfectly into my ear and remain attached to the ear with the band that wraps around my ear. They do not fall out.Another feature I like is that when you receive a call, it tells me the number of the person who is calling. I really only know the numbers of people I talk to on a regular basis so can answer by clicking in the button or ignore the call. The phone quality is good as well and the music instantly plays when the call is over. I also like how I can control the volume of the song using the headphones."		
1	:	"I use these headphones to listen to guided meditations.  I do not like them.  In addition to being bulky, the keystroke sound is remarkably loud when you first type on your phone.  Also, a voice interrupts whatever you are listening to in order to tell you the battery is getting low.  The voice repeats itself several times before the battery dies.  When it finally dies, it makes a few loud, brief tones as it goes off.  When your trying to relax with these earbuds on, all this stuff ruins it."		
1	:	"These WILL NOT stay in ears, no matter which ear buds are used. Completely useless for running, since they require me to hold them in my ears the entire time. Wish I had chosen to spend more money for a higher quality product."		
4	:	"I will admit my rating is based on the cost of these ""disposable"" work out headphones.  If you are a bit tough on your workout gear then you probably went through several pairs of headphones regardless of how careful you are.  Putting gear in your duffel bag and removing it several times a week will take a toll on whatever it is.  Do these headphones sound as good as the ones with a small letter on the side (usually in red)?  No, but they also cost about a tenth of what you will pay for the other headphones.  I would have given them five stars across the board but the music controls are a bit ""finicky.""  Overall the sound is decent and the comfort is fine for a few hour workout. Bass will not loosen your teeth but you will know when the music is supposed to thump and when it is isn't.  Even a 60 year man knows when the music is supposed ""to raise the roof!""  Did I mention the carrying case provided was worth the cost of the headphones alone.  Highly recommend."		
5	:	These are my first pair of Bluetooth headphones. I'm so glad I bought these. They're perfect for the gym. I kept accidentally hitting the cord on my corded headphones when I ran on the treadmill -which sometimes sent my phone flying. Not a good look. Now I'm not that guy anymore. And the battery life is decent as far as I can tell. I get about 5 days to a week of battery with intermittent use. Easy to use and connectivity has also been great.Now. Sound quality is fantastic BUT ....my phone (LgV30) is equipped with a fancy DAC for HiFi audio on the headphone jack. I need to use corded headphones to take advantage of it so I do notice a quality difference when switching to Bluetooth. For most people this won't be an issue AT ALL but I thought it was worth mentioning just in case you have the same phone as me. All in all I love these and definitely recommend.		
2	:	"Updated: Like other reviewer have reported, after 4 months of use they no longer charge. I've tried contacting the seller but I have not received a reply. In my first review I gave them 4 stars because they were great when they were working but from the beginning I noticed it was getting harder to git it to start charging.Bottom line- I would NOT buy them again NOR recommend them to a friend. These are great, They last for hours and the sound is great. They fit in the ear well and there are times when the music stops and I forget I'm wearing them.The reason I giving them 4 stars is because of the controls.They're a little hard to master. I've been using them since Jan 2018 and and it's now the end of March 2018 and I still haven't figured out how to use all the features but I still like them a lot. The quality of the mic when making a call seems to be on the low end but the listening quality is great.Bottom line- I would buy them again or recommend them to a friend."		
3	:	"I have been looking for a pair of bluetooth workout headphones for quite a while.  I really didn't want to spend an arm and a leg on them either.  I figured I would give these a try.  They were easy to set up and connect to my phone.  The sound is decent.  For sure it is good enough at this price.  They are not going to  compete with the higher end products in this category for sure.  My biggest issue in the past with earbuds has been the fit and the ability of them to stay in place while using, especially while exercising.  I thought the loop on these that go behind your ear would solve that problem.  Unfortunately for me it did not.  The part that goes behind your ears on these are quite soft (I would guess for comfort).  For me the biggest problem is that the loops are very large.  They keep falling off because the do not hug the back side of my ear.  Always feels like they will fall off and they usually do."		
3	:	"These headphones are not ""noise cancelling"" as listed in the description; they are sound-isolating in that they behave like ear plugs with speakers, rather than actively removing background noise as the description implies.  If you are looking to buy these as a ""noise cancelling headset"" (like a Bose headset) you will want to look elsewhere.That said, as a basic bluetooth headset, these aren't bad.  The ear clips are a little flimsy and don't provide a positive feel for being held in, rather they are just to keep the earpiece from falling to the ground when (not if) the friction fit of the earbud gives way.  A stiffer material would go a long way in this area.Sound quality is good, bass is more pronounced than typical of a small speaker like this.  Mids and highs are a little muted/muddy, but can typically be compensated for with the music app of your choice (or a sound equalizer app).All in all - I wouldn't purchase these again at full price, but as a lightning deal they are a decent set of bluetooth earbuds.  There are much better available in the price range."		
5	:	"I'm not a huge fan of earbuds. Some just don't feel comfortable. I only got these because they were on sale and my wired ones were getting in my way at work while I was standing and squatting. I can't speak for hardcore exercisers and audiophiles, their needs are not mine, but if you just want a pair of bluetooth headphones to wear while your cleaning or studying or taking a walk, these have worked great for me. I've worn them for 5-6 hours at work and haven't needed to recharge. The distance isn't awesome; I can't go more than 5-6 feet from my phone before it cuts out. But that's not something I really do much. For thr pirce, I'm more than pleased."		
4	:	Overall I am very happy with these.  Battery life on them is good enough for me.  Listened to them for a couple of hours without charging them when I first got them and never even got a battery warning.  I think the sound is above average but not exceptional.  The bass is surprisingly good with some rap.  I'd like a little more bass response with my metal but they've got some decent boom.  The highs are why I dropped a star.  When you get into the upper frequency levels they're just lacking.  Not bad enough I can't listen to them but it is noticeable.  These are a solid set of earbuds at an OK price.  I'm quite happy with them and would happily recommend them.		
1	:	"Update:6-8-18  I purchased these on January 6th 2018 ...so it's been literally 6 months since I received them. The long and short is that they have given up the ghost. Maybe the ad which said ""Bulit to you sound"" should have been a sign. Hmmm...  Anyway...The sad part is that I only used them a handful of times and most of the time they just sat in their case. I went to use them after a full day on the charger and they still said ""Battery low"". That surprised me. I thought it was the charging block or cable at first but it wasn't. They just wouldn't take a charge. Normally there's an LED light on the side that tells you if you're charging up,...and then it blinks red if it's dying.  It blinked until it was no more..and then gave up the ghost.  ""Poor Yorick..I knew him well.""  I also realized they were getting hot as if there was a short in them. so...who  knows? I'm gonna jump out on a limb and say it was something electrical. LOL.  But...figure I used them 6 times in 6 months...they were a lightening deal for 16 bucks down from the normal 24. So...meh....maybe I got luck on single use headphones?  The funny thing is I would THINK about ordering these again if they were cheap and I knew they were a gamble and I just needed something to pass the time. They ARE loud...wait...check that...WERE loud....and that's a plus compared to other headphones that are weak and can't give you that oomph you want. I had to massively EQ my phone to get them to sound ok..and they passed I guess. But I'm not looking for something of better substance. I hear the Aukey headphones are legit. We'll see. It's either that or the bose...klipsch...jaybird X3's etc.These heads phones work well in the respect that they connect to your phone easily and they sound.....pretty good for the money. However I'm an audiophile, I actually mix tracks for a living so I don't know how I ever thought that these headphones which were on sale for like 16 bucks on sale...normally like 27 were going to live up to my demands. I guess I just couldn't pass up a smokin deal.  That and I trusted the majority of the reviews which said great things about these.At the end of the day I was seriously concerned about using wireless headphones at all considering how much quality gets lost in the air when you lose the cord with headphones, let alone when dealing with cheaper ones. Now...let me just say ...I am knocking these headphones...but considering they were as cheap as they were, I almost feel guilty about it because back in the day when I was a kid....this kind of quality would have been impossible for this price...if at all.  So it's cool to think about how far we've come.But as my video review says..overall they're 7 out of 10. The sound is actually surprisingly good...and they do get loud...so you can push them a bit. But the sound does start to come apart. There's not much low end bass...so whoever made them tries to make up for that with some high bass that sounds kinda cardboardish sounding. Hallow you could say...right about 300 HZ which I tried to EQ out with my phone to get them to sound better. It kinda worked but not altogether and they still left me wanting more. Much more.Do they work well enough for an hour at the gym for 16 bucks..yes. Am I surprised at the sound....yes....amazed..NO!  But am I amazed at how much you can get for 16 bucks all in?...yes. But here is the real question that matters.  Will I ALWAYS be thinking to myself about how much I wish I  had a better pair while I'm wearing them. HELL YES.With that being said,...I think this is one of those situations where you actually get more than you pay for...but even saying that...they still aren't up to the standards of what I would expect with a rockin pair of bluetooth headphones.  So I wouldn't buy again...unless I just wanted a throw away pair of blue tooth headphones.Regards!"		
4	:	"Just picked these up on a cyber monday lightning deal. Very happy - only took a star off because it's not perfect.Pros:Great price for the sound qualityThey are LOUD - very freaking loud. I'm actually going hard in the paint right now with these on.Good design, stays on my earsComfortable for long wearEasy to pair1 year warranty from the companyLittle carry case that I may or may not useCons:Wire is a little long for my liking - however it doesn't bounce around and fly everywhere. Overall, I would definitely recommend these headphones. Especially at the price.Summary: The sound is actually phenomenal - it exceeded my expectations. High quality across the board - good bass as well. The headphones are comfy but the only complaint I have is that it's just too much extra wire hanging from the back. Wish the wire was a few inches shorter because there is no reason for the extra slack in the back - nobody has a head that big."		
5	:	I just got these today and am incredibly impressed by the sound and material quality. I have abnormall small ears so I have a hard time finding headphones of this style that will stay in. I actually have to modify the wrap around rubber arm to get them to fit right by heating them and manipulating them to fit tighter. I was able to reshape these perfectly and easily. I'm so happy with them especially for the price.If they start acting up prematurly I WILL update my review so no news is good news.		
1	:	"My biggest issue with these is they will not stay on while I'm jogging.  I have normal ears for an average sized female and these things keep falling off.  What's worse, when I try to keep them from falling off, it's too easy to hit the power button and then you have turned the entire thing off.  The battery does not last very long either.On the plus size, it paired easily with my phone; no issues there.If you have larger ears, these may work.  As it is, they are pretty much just a waste of money for me unless I can find someone they do fit."		
4	:	I love these headphones. The Bluetooth connectivity is on target every time I turn it on. I use these for working out (including running on the treadmill and outside) and traveling. They are light weight and easily stash in your pocket. The only complaint I have is that I wish the battery life was longer. I probably get 3-4 hours out of a charge. But the good news it doesn't take long to charge.		
4	:	"My first pair lasted roughly 3 months of rigorous use. Used them a lot of the day, and wore them running every day. Lasting 3 months is a decent time in my opinion for the way I used these.  I was constantly putting and pulling them out of pockets and bags, and they held up quite well. I bought my second pair when the sound stopped working on one side. It's been about 3 months now and the second pair is still as durable as ever.CONS: ear shape is a bit standard, and would have loved it if they had made them with adjustable behind the ear holders.For the cost, these are excellent Bluetooth headphones."		
4	:	I have a dozen or more of all different headphones. I should start writing reviews.These are one of my favorites. If they added a little more volume and base these would complete with the likes of Bose.Very comfortable and don't hurt your ears like so many others. Every while wearing sunglasses or ear muffs.		
5	:	"Had these for a week. Wanted to post an update. The battery life is fantastic. I had a full charge. Then binge watched ""Stranger Things"" on Netflix. Watched 8 - 45 min episodes. None-stop ( yes, I have no life) and the battery worked without a re-charge.  That is pretty amazing.I love these. Great sound. Good bass. Fits nicely. Battery is very good. Connectivity has never cut out. I love the little carrying case it comes with. I would buy these again in a heart beat."		
1	:	"I have had these for 6 weeks and they just stopped working. Of course, they broke 20 days after they couldn't be returned. They are an absolute rip off. Do not waste your money. Now I have to find a new set."		
5	:	"Great! I am shocked honestly. Super performance. My Jaybirds broke in no time. Yeah, these aren't Jaybirds, but damn they are just amazing. I will get back here to let you know in the longtime performance.????8-7-18 : Now I am having trouble with right side earpiece unit. The volume goes up and down as I move my head. ????They were very nice and responsive, and sent me a new headphone that works great.  Thanks so much!!!"		
1	:	Had these headphones for just over 2 months. I use them while running. These sounded great while they worked. About 2 weekends ago they started acting up. The volume would change on its own or the music would pause or skip. It looks like they are not really sweat proof. And now they are not even charging. I left them on the charger for an hour and the charging light does not come on. And the headphone will not turn on either. I have contacted seller and will update my review based on how the sellers addresses the warranty question.		
5	:	The sound quality is terrific.  Lots of well balanced bass with a full range available through the equalizer settings on my iPhone.  Light weight and the ear pieces fit well to maintain consistent sound quality.  Battery life is great and  appreciate round trip flights without the need to charge!  The over the ear clip holds the earpiece holds the earpieces in place without irritation and through the most jarring movements.		
1	:	Didn't even last 2 months. Battery life started getting considerably shorter and now has died after less than 2hrs of use.		
4	:	"So I been wanting some wireless headphones for forever that 1. Didn't have ""beats"" price tag and 2. Weren't super low. These are great! The only problem I've had with mine so far are sometime when switching from different apps for example from Netflix to Pandora the sounds stops and I have to power down and power back up. The battery life is amazing! For the $16 I paid for them they were well worth the money! They don't fall out my ears and I literally can't hear anything when im wearing these, like I have to take them out my ears when people talk to me at work"		
4	:	"I wanted something to take to the gym but didn't want to spend too much. The built and overall quality are ok for the price, they look cost efficient (not to say cheap). What really surprised me was the Bluetooth part, they connect right away, no problems at all at least on my iPhone. The connection is very good, no drops or noise, I tested the range inside my gym leaving my phone on my bag and they worked fine (no walls) for more than 30 feet. I even had my heart rate monitor (Wahoo) connected also all the time while listening music, no problem. I even got phone calls, excellent plus if you don't want to reach for your phone while working out. They fit nice around the ear, I do weight lifting and some cardio (bike or elliptical) so they don't move to much, I don't know if they would be as confortable for a runner, I'm guessing maybe not (be sure to try all tip sizes).  I really like them, given the price I would keep the four star rating if they go for more than 1 year of use, which i think the will accomplish easily, but you never know. Then If I like them so much why not give them 5 stars?... Well here is the thing, the sound. They could sound so much better than they do just by setting them to a ""flatter"" response curve, I'll explain my self: It looks like they wanted these to sound heavy on the low end and adjusted them to give more volumen there sacrificing quality (they sound a little distorted). I know they are not audiophile or high quality audio headphones, but if they change the response curve lowering the low end volume they could sound so much better. The high end is there, a little rolled down but that's expected for the price range. The good news is you can use your phone's adjustments or equalizer to tame the low end to your liking which eliminates the distortion. Over all I enjoy my new headphones, the package was cardboard which I like, and they came with 3 different size earplugs. They came with a case, nice addition, but I find it a little too big, I wish it was smaller and the soft kind, nevertheless it is still very convenient."		
1	:	These do not stay in my ears. I was looking for something I could wear while running and this is not it. I???ve tried all theee sizes of ear attachments and they all fall out. Otherwise the quality of sound and Bluetooth dependability is good. But worthless if they can???t stay in my ears. The wired ear buds that come with my iPhone are better for running than these.		
4	:	"I was looking for long lasting (battery) headphones for work. I work overnight & I had trouble finding headphones that would actually last 8 hours in one charge. I came across this product & let me tell you, it???s great. The headphones are comfortable & the battery life is more than I expected. In one single charge I got 11 hours on a moderate volume level. Really easy to connect to phone. They come with a nice case that fits the headphones, charger cable & the ear bud replacements. The sound quality cannot be compare to jbl, beat or apple headphones but it???s not awful. Only complain would be that usually around 20% charge you get the notification the battery life is low. Instead of just one simple noticed, the notification keeps repeating itself again & again (voice notification) which can get a little annoying specially if you hear it the first time. They also come with a 6 month free warranty in case anything goes wrong with the product. You need to register on their website (easy process) & can be helpful since you get updates & if you want to purchase or extend your warranty you can do it online. Overall I???m happy with this headphones & I would buy again.Pros:-Long lasting battery life-Comfortable-Water/sweat resistant-Good looking product- Free 6 month warrantyCons-Low Battery Notification (so far)"		
1	:	"Probably the most uncomfortable set of headphones I've ever owned.  I am constantly shoving them back in my ears even while just trying to relax in the back yard.  The speakers are pretty obviously underpowered as even at a moderate volume, all but the high frequency range gets distorted.  I figured there were a lot of similar reviews as this since new reviews to this product were closed for several months after this unit was on sale for Prime Day.  I'd suggest going with one of the Anker equivalents."		
5	:	These headphones are great for the price.  I love them.  You have to kind of get them at the right angle to fit in your ear but once you get it your set.  The sound it very good.  When a call comes in you are able to answer it.  I paid about $15 for them and would buy another pair in a second.  I love that they are wireless.  No more dropping my phone on the ground when I hit the corded headphones by accident.		
5	:	"So far I am pleased with this product, it came quickly. It was in very nice packaging. It also come with extra ear bulbs and a case. I was pleased with the simplicity of use, very easy to link up to my phone. I was also pleased with the sound quality. I purchased them to run with. No other ear buds have stood up to the challenge of my bouncy running stride. So I will write more of an in-depth review later on, and go in to detail on how they stay in my ears."		
5	:	"Very high quality headphones and Exceptional customer support. My earphone stopped working after 5.5 months. I just emailed the seller and seller sent me the replacement immediately.I highly recommend these headphones. Microphone is very good and  you can take phone calls even in the noisy places . Sound quality is better than some of the name brands...It pairs with smartphone, laptops and music systems.. Good battery life and Quality build"		
1	:	"Please do NOT buy these headphones. They are supposed to be waterproof but they are not. I wore them in the rain, mind you I had an umbrella so they didn't really get wet, but they started to malfunction. I haven't even had these for a week. I've been buying this brand of headphones for the last few years and never had any problems so there must be something wrong in the manufacturing of this newest model. Save your money. DO NOT RECOMMEND"		
4	:	"The only reason I gave these 4 stars instead of 5 is because they are a little awkward to get in my ears (but these are my first ear buds). But once you get the fit right, the ear buds work great...if your phone is close to you. Go about 100 feet away and you're going to get static or it's going to cut out."		
5	:	"The sound and battery life on these headphones is excellent, especially for the price.  This is my second set (BF fire sale price).  I was pretty rough on the first set (purchased in 2017), and the left side lost decent sound.  I'm listening to my second set of headphones now as I write this review - and the depth, range and clarity is wonderful.  Very lightweight with a set of various sized and very comfortable earbuds.  The battery life is 6+ hours, and recharging is very fast.  Highly recommended!"		
5	:	"I have many sets of Bluetooth headsets and these are my favorites. They're comfortable, feel sturdy and stay in my ears. They will also automatically and immediately pair with my phone which is nice (none of my other Bluetooth headphones will).I bought them on prime day and they're still going strong. I haven't measured the battery length, but it feels like a long time."		
5	:	"Awesome bluetooth headphones. Connect to my phone as soon as the turn on! I would've liked a longer cord for the sake of wearing the cord behind my head instead of in front, but thats the cons of having a big head/neck. Long battery life and quick charge. A one hour charge will take me all week! Sound quality is superb as well. They get very loud. Power button doubles as Pause and play button with volume bumpers on top."		
4	:	there's a lot of skipping/cutting out that happens when I'm walking around outside. I'm assuming that it's interference? It happens a lot but I do like the freedom of the wireless connection. That's the only reason why I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5. The constant skipping.		
4	:	"I use these pretty much every day for work and running.  The sound quality could be better but for the price it is more than satisfactory.  Only other issue is, they have disconnected a few times but not to the point it's a big issue.  Overall for the price I am very happy for these durable headphones."		
5	:	These headphones work very well.  I use them for making and receiving phone calls and they work great.  I have bad hearing but have no problem hearing the person on the other end at all and they can hear me as well.  No static or distortion.  I haven't had anyone who complained or even seemed to notice I was using headphones.  They are great so far.		
2	:	"I bought these headphones and used them for a little less than a month and half way through a run at the gym they just died on me. They won???t charge, turn on, and light won???t light up. It just died for no apparent reason. Can???t say water or sweat got into them since the rubber was blocking the charge port and I would hope these could handle a simple run at the gym without going out."		
2	:	"these work great on my phone - and thats it.  They will not connect to my laptop, tablet, or PC (all Bluetooth compatible)  Had for a few months and only tried pairing with my phone (until today),  My PC will find the headphones but not pair with them (said it is a driver error) and my laptop cannot even find them when in discovery mode.  After these two failures I unpaired it with my phone, repaired it and it works fine.  This is a very limited product and I would not purchase again, very unhappy, no more Otium products for me"		
2	:	"Intermittent issues with the volume key(s) not working since unpacking them. I contacted the seller immediately, who asked for more information. I gave them more information and they said they would be in touch. It's been over a month now and no reply. It's not bad enough to return through amazon (though I imagine i'm past that deadline now anyways), but it's pretty annoying. If that issue were not present I'd probably give these a 4, they do work pretty well in the shower, and the sound quality is good though I'm no audiophile."		
4	:	"Great buy. The ""ear holders"" are flimsy and sort of big so takes some adjusting at times. The part that goes in your ears is comfortable though. Love the case it comes in which all that you need except for the wall port to connect to charge. Microphone sometimes picks up amazing and other times I have to talk louder than normal."		
5	:	"So far, so awesome! Connects to my android quickly every time. Sound quality is good. The ear pieces themselves feel a bit clunky at first, but I wore them on a run and they didn't bother me at all. Happy with my purchase."		
1	:	Ordered these in August 2017 and used them maybe a dozen times. They no longer work. The sound keeps cutting out and are too annoying to use. I thought perhaps they weren???t adequately charged but that isn???t the issue. A waste of money as I can???t return them.		
2	:	Unfortunately the Bluetooth cuts out often and also many callers complain that they can???t hear me well.  Sound quality is fine for calls or music but I need dual purpose.  Gave it a try for $12 so not really any loss.  Will go get Beats or something that is a little higher quality.		
3	:	"I have had these for almost 4 months and the battery life on these has been really great. Most pairs I have gotten the battery slowly Holds a charge for les and les amount of time, but like I said these are holding up.Also I have run, in the rain for 3 hours straight, and they didn???t die, which is great for us long distant runners.My only complaint is they are bulky in the ear and in the beginning they chafed my ear."		
5	:	"I love these headphones!! They???re so comfortable and the sound quality is amazing. I???ve even worn them in the shower with no problems whatsoever, they truly are water resistant. I???ve had them for about two weeks and I???ve used them daily, but I have only had to charge them once. These little headphones are sturdily built and have good sound quality, two things that might not be expected from other headphones in this price range. My new favorite toy!! They???ll definitely be getting their use"		
4	:	"These are my first pair of wireless headphones that actually FIT! I have been pleasantly surprised with how well they sound and fit for this price range.  They are extremely affordable and perform well.  If you are wanting wireless headphones but don't want to spend a fortune, these are the way to go!"		
3	:	"Amazing sound quality, simple to use but they just don???t want to stay in your ear for shit. I tried everything all the different bud sizes it come with I tried rotating it the stay in if you???re stationary or not doing much but if you???re working out these will kill your pump quick. But if you???re on a plane ride these are great. Cancels nearly ALL sound, there was a baby behind me screaming most the plane ride but I didn???t notice till I took my headphones off and asked someone next to me how long has that been going on. So comfortable and good quality for for the active user though."		
3	:	"Editing my one star review to note that Otium customer service has contacted me and offered a replacement headset.  I will update again after I have had a chance to try it.I purchased this on Amazon Prime Day as a back up headset,  and didn't need open it until last week.  It is clunkier than I expected, sound quality was good.  It became invisible as a bluetooth device after only a few days of use, so I would not recommend it."		
5	:	My last pair of these broke as the power button failed but I do love these and I love the fact that they will replace them for free if you have any issues-		
5	:	Good quality for price.		
5	:	These actually work better than expected for the price.  I use them with my Apple Watch 3 and iPhone 10.  Sound is incredible.  They don't hurt my ears and are pretty comfortable.		
5	:	"Love the sound quality and deep base these headphones provide.  They connect quickly between my HP notebook, LG TV, and Galaxy Note 5.  The volume buttons second as previous-next buttons when long pressed and is very convenient when working."		
5	:	"Hands down, best purchase of the year. Lasts really long on one charge, it's responsive to calls and other communication back and forth from my phone. Sounds great, I've compared it to my gf's beats and I could tell very little difference."		
4	:	"They???re not going to blow your socks off but these are a great bargain. The battery life is decent, two weeks of gym sessions and still over 50% battery left. Sound is okay as well but it can be improved for if your player (such as iTunes) has an EQ."		
5	:	oh man. . .so awesome. . i use daily for about 8 to 10 hours. . (i sit at desk)  so 40 to 50 hrs a week. . amazing battery. conectivity. and range.		
5	:	"Great fit with the different ear tips included, good materials and good sound. All around a killer deal for wireless headphones ????"		
5	:	"Firstly, these headphones are really the bang for your buck. They stay in your ear comfortably, and the sound quality is amazing for the price you pay. The bass runs a little low, but every other sound aspect is great. Otium was phenomenal with customer service, as they were extremely quick and efficient in solving my problem and sending a replacement headset when it had broke after I sent in proof. Highly recommend to anyone looking to get a long lasting pair of headphones for a solid price!"		
2	:	Terrible digital to analog conversion. Midrange sounds like a grainy shell of a sound. BT in general isn???t great but these are bad. My apple earbuds which barely stay in my ears sound tremendously better than these and they were free. Wired is better but if you have to get wireless. The JBL reflect 2 are much better sounding.		
4	:	Solid pair of headphones for working out in. My biggest complaint is that the ear hooks are a bit soft and flimsy.Sound is good but not anything that will win awards.These are perfect headphones for the gym given the pricepoint and overall function.		
4	:	"These are fine heapdhones. Battery lasts about 7 hrs. However, I need something that lasts longer. The fit s great, the headphones don't fall out. Just dont have a long enough battery for my use."		
1	:	"These do not stay in my ears at all. I have smaller ears and the ear hooks do absolutely nothing for me, in fact, they make these way worse to wear."		
5	:	"This product meets the needs of a workout headset, it is stable in motion, lightweight, and has fairly good sound quality and battery life. More importantly, I???m content with the service. I bought the first set in July, but recently it stopped charging. After contacting the seller and explaining the issue, the seller shipped a replacement set for free in a week. Thanks!"		
1	:	"I didn't use these consistently but I grabbed these for vacation last week. I turned them on and they wouldn't pair. I tried to pair them with My Phone, my computer, my Ipad, my wife's phone, and our FireTV but nothing. They are no longer discover-able with any of my Bluetooth devices. Pay the extra money for a good pair of headphones, I thought I was getting a steal but I was wrong."		
5	:	These are awesome!  I'm very deaf in my right ear and it was extremely hard to hear everything on my Amazon kindle 7.No problems now though!		
4	:	"I rent a room with people who have kids who literally yell all the time. Literally so much. I bought these because I needed to focus on studying and they honestly block out the sound very effectively. I didn't really like the fit of them because the ear cuff is too big and unadjustable. However, I used the smaller earbud covers and that helped them stay in my ears. I rock climbed for an hour today and had no problems."		
1	:	The headphones disconnect and shut off after ~30 seconds no matter how much charge they have.		
2	:	"It seems to be my never ending journey to find a pair of bluetooth ear buds that sound and fit well. It's ok to spend $20-$30 and not be happy, these sound flat and shallow...."		
4	:	Bass on this are good and loud so leave the volume down a little bit. Their good to have if your looking for loud bass in earphones.		
5	:	Absolutely love these. Worked so well In order to keep them had to buy 2nd set for Wife.		
5	:	This is my second pair that I have bought and I am giving them as a gift to my friend. Cancels out surroundings and quality sound!		
3	:	For the price they are not bad.  Cord could be a little longer.  Got them for my son to travel with instead of taking his good ones.		
5	:	"I am really glad I got these. Great sound,easy to use packaged well. Nothing bad to say. I use these for work. Great to not be tethered to my phone."		
4	:	"Product isn???t the best , but it???s not the worst.  I???ve had them for almost 6 months and have only charged them 4 times. For the price, you can???t beat it! The Bluetooth connection allows you to be pretty far away before dropping out.  I use them for working out and love them! They are just a little bulkier then I would prefer."		
4	:	This is a very good headphone but I had to return it due to the size of the ear cup being too small.		
3	:	"An OK set of headphones in my opinion. When using them for biking, they tend to be quite noisy as the wind passes over them. I think it is the size and square edges that create a lot of turbulence. The ear hooks are soft and comfortable but don't seem to offer much support, having the earbuds doing most of the work in securing the headphone to your ear. The sound seems to favor the lower sound spectrum with less detail in the high levels. As for some of the positives, the buttons are well placed and easy to use. The Bluetooth is reliable and stable."		
4	:	"I've recently received a new pair, courtesy of Otium. I will be in the process of redoing my review."		
3	:	Good headphones. Good fit. The wire connecting them is a little long and sometimes ends up getting caught on things when I???m working out. Battery life has gotten significantly shorter over the 5 months I???ve had them. I use them about 4 times/week.		
2	:	These things are so cheap and the around the ear part is terrible and way too big. I'm a normal to above average size man and they're still way too big.		
3	:	"The sound is good. The price was great. I'm disappointed with the ear hooks, as they are far too large for my ears. They kind of just flop around above my ears. You would think, since they are so flexible, they they would be smaller. The result of this misfit is the earbuds are not secure, but merely resting in my ear... something I was hoping to avoid with ear hooks. Oh well"		
2	:	"These headphones aren't that great. Don't know why it has such high ratings. This has problems connecting to two devices. Doesn't automatically connect. I need to power it on and off or I need to switch on or off the bluetooth on my pc and phone to connect everytime. Especially when I need to connect to both devices. Also, often there are continuous breaks in the audio when it seems like it's delivering the audio in impulses or bursts of beeps."		
5	:	"3rd pair. I really love this brand, very good above average sound. Worth much more then the price."		
4	:	Great product. Noise cancelling not so much unless you to turn it up real high but I think that's just because the music is loud. The serve their purpose for me. I run with them and workout. They work just fine for me.		
4	:	"I like the look, functionality, etc. I think the battery life is 7/10, the main issue is I wish there was more bass boost but for the price you can't beat it."		
4	:	"Sound is not the best, midrange is weak and bass is too strong. Otherwise, its been working reliably so far and connection works flawlessly."		
5	:	"They're comfortable, good battery life, good sound and loud enough to use while cutting the lawn or riding your motorcycle on the highway"		
4	:	Long life and fit well. Wish they were louder but can't beat for the price range.		
1	:	"These worked great, for 2 months...totally dead"		
4	:	"A good product. Solid, good battery life.  I think the main complaint I have is that they don't fit as well as another similar product I bought.  I find with these headphones, fit is much more important than expected since I am being far more active with them than I did wired headphones, not to mention general comfort!"		
1	:	"Used this for about two months.It's ok sound quality is what you expect for the price.The problem is...today the buttons to increase volume and skip songs...the button is stuck, so now my earbuds are playing full blast and I can't skip songs.Avoid the product."		
5	:	Great sound with long lasting power. Great buy. I have had them over 60 days and working great and last long time with continuous YouTube music		
3	:	"These are decent for the price, but the sound quality is mediocre IMHO. The first time I heard them it was clear they don???t sound nearly as good as the wired earbuds that come with the iPhone. More muddy, less crisp."		
5	:	Son uses these everyday and charges them occasionally		
5	:	Got these on sale as a back up set for my youngest. These are wonderful and great gifts for young teens.		
4	:	They do the job for the price. I am happy with them and would recommend them for simple use.		
5	:	Sounds wonderful and looks great lite comfortable.		
4	:	Decent sound.  I wish they had longer battery life.		
5	:	"good sound.  love how the ""power/pause"" button is on the side."		
5	:	I reorder this often bc i lose them. LOL but they work great!		
4	:	"Really liked the headphones but 3 months later and the left side is no longer working.UPDATE: The company reached out to me a week ago about replacing my defective headphones. Great customer service, just waiting on my package and will keep updated on my experience."		
5	:	My husband loves these headphones! Uses them almost every day and says the sound quality is fantastic.		
4	:	"The sound quality is great, however I feel like the ear piece sits a little awkwardly on my ears and I am constantly adjusting it. Considering buying a second pair just because I love how they sound!"		
5	:	Good sound and the phone call features work great too		
3	:	Good for $15 . My $13 Phillips corded headphones are much louder		
3	:	"Sound quality is fine, the ear fit isn???t great for me and I thought the loops adjusted a bit for a better fit but they don???t and they are too loose while running. Not a huge fan."		
5	:	"I've never owned  Bluetooth headphones before because the price had always been so high for anything that seemed good quality, but I ended up buying this on sale and have not regretted it! I put these on at the gym and was blown away by the ease of use, fit, and the full sound they produce! Battery life seems great as well. Highly satisfied!"		
5	:	"Great sound and quality. And, for the price, a great choice.  I highly recommend."		
3	:	"Headphones work well, but microphone is worthless."		
5	:	"I love the price of these head phones, but i really love the value for the price. Great value head phones and the battery life is incredible. Awesome job!"		
5	:	"Great sound easy to pair with my phone ,and the battery life is great"		
5	:	"I have bough 3 pairs of these. One I lost, one for the door security at the condo and one I still have and enjoy.bhj"		
2	:	Bulky and uncomfortable. Sound is ok but not great. Not a free return if you're not satisfied.		
5	:	"Even with the Airpods, after sometime there is some pain on ears but I didn't get that with this headset. Just wanted to try this out on Gym and I like it a lot. Sound quality is awesome and its a nice listening experience. It is definetly worth for this price."		
5	:	Exactly what I was looking for. Work perfectly! Great for working out or wearing around the house.		
5	:	I have gone through a handful of bluetooth headsets such as these and all of them have had issues. This pair seems to have finally done the trick.		
5	:	It came well packaged and was very comfy. Wore them for 6 hours no problem.  What you hope for out of headphones.		
3	:	"Sound is good enough, headphones quite loud. Even too loud, so I was not able to choose comfort volume level.But I returned headphones as after several walks the hook of left earphone loosened and stopped securely keep it in the ear."		
2	:	Sound is ok but they hurt my ears.I wouldn't recommend them to an adult.		
5	:	I bought a pair for both my wife and myself. We absolutely love them. The sound quality is excellent and the bluetooth range is good. Great investment.		
5	:	Great for car phone and listening to music while driving		
5	:	"I've had this for over 4+ months. No issues so far, compared to other ones that stopped pairing after 2 months. The material is stiff and the sound quality is good enough to use them on a plane without getting deaf after a two hour ride."		
3	:	some ok some not		
5	:	"These headphones, being as cheap as they were, are excellent so far!!  I got them today and tested them before I charged them and I'm pretty impressed with them so far."		
4	:	I have the LG heat set as well and while working out these are more comfortable. There is no bulky base to rub on neck with.		
5	:	Great headphones for the price		
5	:	Use it every day		
3	:	Nice product but little bit unhappy with quality of audio		
4	:	It works well; the sound doesn't wow you though.		
1	:	Very muffled sound and destorts when playing music		
5	:	makes morning work outs so much more fun		
4	:	My favorite		
4	:	"These headphones are very good for the price and I am incredibly happy with the product. They come in a small case that has a clip at the top that can fasten it to say a bike or even on a belt loop. They fit very nicely in my ear and haven't fallen off once, even during a workout.  The sound quality is fantastic, especially the bass. These babies kick! Another fantastic aspect is the battery life, they last all day for me and more on a single charge! The only reason I have given it a four star review could possibly be own fault, but i can't seem to figure out how to pause/play using the headphones themselves. Other than that i LOVE these things and will probably buy another pair."		
5	:	"Great sound, better price during Amazon sell"		
4	:	Best headphones I bought.		
1	:	I???m on my 2nd set.  They both broke and can???t connect to my devices. (iPhone X & iPad Pro)		
5	:	"Great sound. Running or around the house, these headphones are amazing!"		
5	:	"Definitely worth the money! I???ve had these playing for three days on and off on a single charge! They???re really loud and cancel the noise around you. They???re also really great for running, they don???t fall out."		
4	:	"For the price, these are great. They are a little uncomfortable for long periods of time for me personally. I am prone to ear infections so in-ear headphones make me really uncomfortable for anything longer than an hour or so.I bought these during Prime Day if that matters to anyone."		
5	:	These are amazing. Battery lasts a long time also.		
4	:	Decent headphones for the price.. I am satisfied but not blown away		
5	:	Excellent		
5	:	These are really good headphones for the price you can't beat them. Great volume and easy to use.		
4	:	La bateria le dura varias horas		
5	:	Got these for my nephew. He loves them		
5	:	I am incredibly impressed by these headphones.. forgotten in a pocket they made it through a wash cycle and extra rinse! Very happy with this product		
3	:	They are hard to adjust but pretty good sound		
3	:	I thought this comes with mic . It does not include mic. Not satisfied.		
5	:	great but would like the battery to last longer.		
5	:	These headphones are great! Very reliable. Very loud with deep bass. I use them for about an hour daily and only have to charge them about once a month. I would definitely buy them again if I needed more.		
2	:	Quisiera saber cuanto tiempo de garant??a tiene el producto? Ya que actualmente me esta fallando y no tiene ni 5 meses de haberlo comprado		
5	:	Great product		
4	:	"I got a replacement, customer service was understanding and was good helping with the issue"		
5	:	Comfortable! Easy to use. I love it.		
5	:	Amazing product!! I???ve had the headphones for almost a year and they still till work great! These work just as good as Beats for more than half the price.		
2	:	Stopped working properly after using it for 2mos. It???s great when it???s working		
4	:	Excellent for the price. Great sound. Easy pairing. Very comfortable.		
1	:	Horrible Sound		
1	:	"Quit working after 3 uses.  Wouldn't hold a charge.  Contacted seller to return item, but no response from seller."		
5	:	????????		
5	:	Works well you don???t have to charge it a lot		
5	:	So far so good!!!		
5	:	The sound quality and the fit are wonderful and the Mic picks up very well. My only issue is the light on them blinks when I'm on a phone call and it's quite annoying.		
1	:	Only lasted 30 days until battery went dead		
5	:	I use these at work. I can walk around my office and not get tangled by a cord. I can get to about 10???*- before it gets statisticy. Charge holds for a few days at least.		
3	:	They're good and they cancel out noise pretty well but the sound quality isn't that good. The music sounds slightly muffled.		
5	:	Great headphones definitely worth the low price. Stay charged for a long period of time. Wear them to the gym all the time and never fall off .		
4	:	Work great beware of wind noise if that bothers you. Easy to use and sound great		
5	:	probably the best budget bluetooth headphones ive used.. if these broke id definently be buying another pair		
5	:	"I absolutely love these headphones.  Sound quality is awesome, fits tight, 8 hour plus use before charging."		
2	:	The connectivity sucks it goes in and out and I can never Bluetooth a phone call		
5	:	Create value for the price! Clear sound and easy to use.		
3	:	Battery life could be better and the bass could be stronger but you her what you pay for		
5	:	I love these things		
1	:	I would???ve given these 5 stars because they worked great and were just wanted I was looking for. However now I wouldn???t even give them 1 star after they did this while on the charger.		
4	:	I use these at the gym & they work a must. A little interference at home otherwise a nice product		
1	:	"It was great when it was working at first. After about 2 weeks, it just wouldn???t turn on anymore."		
2	:	no instructtios .unable to use		
3	:	"They make a really loud, annoying beeping sound when you play a song or send a text message."		
1	:	Left speaker popped in a week . Was really happy with the headphones till then .		
5	:	These are really nice for twice the money!		
5	:	Why buy those hundred of dollars headphones of you have this.		
1	:	Broken within 2 weeks. NOT a good purchase		
5	:	i liked.		
4	:	Truly a good product		
5	:	"Easy to operate, good sound."		
5	:	They do what they say. 5/5		
4	:	The sound is nice		
4	:	Works very well		
1	:	After two weeks broke.		
1	:	They don???t stay in place.. very disappointed.		
1	:	The description said noise canceling... but doesn???t do it!!!Ok for a bt headset for under 20 $But the description tries to oversell it as a premium device that this isn???t !		
5	:	Great quality for the price!		
5	:	Good		
5	:	I like it		
1	:	Arrived broken		
1	:	"I received this product on June 1st and it worked fine all the way until Oct. 15th, so 4.5 half months.  I used it on average about 3 times a week at about an hour each time, during my workouts.  Now it no longer will turn on or take a charge.  I want to return this item because I know if should still fall under the warranty, but I'm not sure it's worth the time and effort of the return.  I really don't think Best Sports Earbuds should be a claim if they break down this easily."		
1	:	Dangerous!  Charger burnt the headphones!  Less than a month old.		
1	:	Piece fell off headphones basically useless!		
5	:	Update: I???m reallt pleased with how the company reached out to me to assist me with essentially being provided with a new item after my initial experience. new headphones were sent out immediately and they followed up via email. Awesome experience		
5	:	"I use these for workouts and yardwork, and can honestly say it gets the job done. They stay in my ear with no problems, and have great sound quality. I was actually amazed at how good everything sounded, they sound as good as my Klipsch S6i - which at the time of writing cost around $60. Pairing to my phone is a breeze, and I find that the battery lasts a very long time before needing to be recharged. The wire connecting the headphones is flat, which from my experience means that it is alot less prone to being tangled that ordinary headphones. All in all, I am happy with the purchase, and would not hesitate to buy another pair."		
5	:	"I love this set best!  It connects to my phone spontaneously! !  Unlike my other Bluetooth devices, they would take a few seconds to find and connect.  I finally can be hands free while cleaning the house or walking the dogs.  I had the wired headphones from Samsung when I purchased my phone.  The wire got caught and my phone got dragged out of my pocket and dropped on the ground so many times.  Especially my kids, they complained that my phone was being too loud while they try to watch TV.  Now, they can mind their own business and I have my own freedom listening to music however I want."		
4	:	"There is a lot that I like about these headphones and just a few that I don't.They produce a nice loud quality sound, easy to connect, listen to music, answer calls but for my small head, the headphone earpiece does not fit as well as I'd hope for.  They are fairly comfortable, I wore them for a few hours while doing housework and then went out into the yard and watered my plants.  I did have to use the supplied headphone ""clip"" to shorten the length of the cable.  I ended up putting my hair in a bun so that it didn't tug on the cord.  I lose reception a few times but you can move about freely for quite a distance.  If I had tried them on at the store, I probably wouldn't buy them because of the ear length piece but for someone with a larger head, perhaps they would be great for a man."		
5	:	"Bluetooth Headphones, Otium Audio Wireless Sports Earbuds, Waterproof IPX7 w/Mic, HD Stereo In-Ear Earphones, Case, Fast Pairing for Gym Running Workout, 7-9 Hrs Battery Noise Cancelling HeadsetsI am initially attracted to the blue color of this product. It makes me feel young and energetic. Pairing with my Android phone was easy. A long press of the power button turned the unit on and got into the pairing mode. My phone???s Bluetooth scan quickly found it and paired with the headset without passwords. Pairing is needed only once for the same phone. Sound quality is nice with HD stereo quality. I can feel the bass pounding when I listen to Janet Jackson???s Call on Me. Treble is clear and detailed. Mic works fine in my phone calls. This set gives voice prompts for Power On and Power Off, etc. I can control the song tracks by long presses of the volume +/- buttons. The over the ear hooks secure the headphones on my ears comfortably. The earbuds fits my ear canals well and dampen outside noises.  I will use this waterproof IPX7 headset for gym and jogging."		
5	:	"The setup is pretty easy and the volumn level is great.  For some of my other bluetooth headset, I had problem of turning up the volumn.  I had to turn the volumn up to almost max and still having hard time hear.One draw back on this type of headset is that it is pretty easy to lose it.  I had one similar before, and lost it when I took a walk during lunch time (I just hang it over around my neck). However, since this one come with a pouch, it should help."		
5	:	I was super excited for this order and it did deliver. Wow. Love the look and feel of it. I like the way it feels when wearing. It looks like I am wearing a beats but minus the cost. Pairing the device was a breeze. Sound quality is amazing. Wire is perfect size and stays away from obstructing. This is going to be my go to set for the gym. I wore it to the gym and it stays in place and didn't even feel I am wearing it. I highly recommend this to anyone.		
5	:	"First if all, it looks really like a famous brand earphones, so it is really nice for the outlooking. And for the sound, i would say the low frequency is really nice, and for the medium and high frequency music this one performs fair good. Really suitable for sport since is have a ear hanger and it will not fall off during running or cycling."		
5	:	"Purchased for my friend. The sound is incredible, easy & comfortable to wear, lasting for at least 6 hours with 1.5 hour charging. Also it???s waterproof! She loves it! It???s a good gift for friends!"		
5	:	"These are EXCELLENT. I have them and use them for my laptops, phone, etc. Not only are they for listening, but they are also to use on the cell phone as well to talk to , etc, which I did not know. A big bonus. They charge fast and the charge last a long time as well. EXCELLENT price for the product!"		
5	:	"I would compare these to beats, the presentation when I received them was great and it came with a little hard travel case. If you ears are bigger or smaller it comes with different size pads so you can change them which is great! This will make the gym so much easier when listening to music!"		
5	:	"I have been waiting for the earphones for nearly a week, and finally they arrived today. I have to say I made the right choice. I personally like bass a lot. I can't believe how much bass this pair of earphones delivers , I mean it's awesome. The sound is also very clear and loud. The design is very nice too, and its comfortable to wear them. Overall, I'm happy with this purchase."		
5	:	"Just got these and they are awesome. Sounds is really good and best of all the phone calls are on both sides!!!! That was a real issue with me with some that had on one side for safety but then both sides for music. That makes no sense to me. Forget the Airpods for $170.00. Those things hurt my ears and fell out. These work good, sound good, feel good and cheap."		
5	:	"This wireless earphone is good for people having an iphone7 or up, like me.  You cannot use the regular earphone unless you have a convertor for iphone7 or up.  With this wireless earphone, you don't need to care what connection iphone has.  Also I usually listen to news at night while I charged my iphone, and I cannot do that with wired earphone.  So this earphone is very handy for me.  This sound quality is okay considering the price, and especially for people like me only use it for news.  By the way, you can connect your iphone to the wireless headphone and apple watch in case you don't know."		
2	:	"Unfortunately I have to return this product. The left ear bud emits a very high pitched feedback noise every time audio is played. I contacted the seller with the issue and they promptly sent me a replacement, so kudos to them for good customer service (it's why they get two stars instead of one). Unfortunately, the replacement they sent me had the exact same issue so I will not be keeping these headphones. If you are sensitive to very high pitched noises I would not recommend these headphones because it is definitely an obnoxious noise."		
5	:	This Bluetooth headset is really easy to use. Connecting to the phone with a small button can control your music. The sound quality is good. It's easy to charge and a small box hanging on the bag is very easy to use.		
2	:	The first day these were great. The battery life seems to last all day without a charge. But then it stopped charging. The only downside is if you are running you can here the headphones rattle a little where the power button is on your right ear. If the song has any base the sounds isn't the greatest. I would recommend if you were going to casually use them on a road trip but that is about it.-Trevor		
5	:	These are incredible!! It is stereo sound quality in my ears. The battery seems to last a while. I am very pleased with this purchase.		
5	:	"I???ve been using this headset for the past few days and I???m very impressed about how fast it connects with my iPhone. It???s sound quality is also great. For less than $30, you???re getting a steal!"		
5	:	"Great value for the money, second pair I have purchased, first for my mom, she liked them so much I bought a pair for myself while at the gym.  Great for yardwork too."		
5	:	"The first pair I received only worked out of one ear. I immediately returned them and the 2nd pair has been flawless.They fall out a little while sprinting, but a slight push back in keeps them in place.The headphones do come with different size ear gels to help you find the right fit."		
5	:	"I purchased this nice wireless headphones for gym activities use. It fits my ears. Very comfortable. It well connected to my Samsung phone. When I running, it never fall off. Overall, for the price, it worth the money!"		
5	:	"Amazing headphones for the price, very light and and comfortable to wear. They are very easy to connect with the phone, and once connected I was impressed with the sound quality, deep base and clear sound. They are comparable to my Bose headphones.I would definitely recommend these headphones to my friends."		
5	:	"I'm a little bit of an audiophile and a gym junkie in the works. I do a lot of different workouts that include running/springs/HIIT/etc. These do an amazing job of staying in place and I have had zero issues with sound skipping. I actually was running lines today at the gym so I took my phone out of my pocket and put it on the ground and my signal never cut out, I was running between 5 - 35 feet away from my phone and it was crystal clear the whole time! The sound quality is also up there with some mid-level headphones I have owned. Not quite the quality of a Shure IEM, but much better than anything you can get at this price range and better than some I've had in the $30-$50 range. I've had them for around a month now and will update if anything changes, but these have been nothing short of awesome since day one. I also got four solid 1 - 1.5 hour workouts without needing to charge and actually never got a low battery signal even prior to charging."		
5	:	Best blue tooth and noise cancelling ear phones! Great quality for price!		
5	:	"These are incredible. They actually make a seal with your ear canal, unlike my Plantronics that just sit there. The sound on these are amazing. It???s full and crisp with some legit base. I can???t believe these are so cheap. Awesome buy and I highly recommend."		
5	:	Really good and comfortable headphone for gym.. I just got this product 2 days back so need to check how battery performs.. but so far so good :)		
5	:	"useful, good for my everyday running. That's all I want for a headphones. very good price!!!"		
5	:	Perfect to work out in.		
5	:	Amazing product		
5	:	"Good quality headphones, very convenience to carry around. Will recommend to my friends"		
5	:	"Wonderful headphones! The bass is nice and  it???s pretty comfortable wearing it while I???m doing exercise. And the battery is good which fully meets my needs. Also the bag is small, very easy to carry! Love it!!"		
5	:	"I like to listen audio book in gym, this is perfect for my case."		
5	:	I listened to them and he was right; the sound quality is amazing! When his first pair stopped working after a month the company gave me a brand-new pair and had excellent customer service. Thank you for solving the solution for us and providing excellent headphones!		
5	:	"It's worth the price, good bluetooth connection with other devices."		
5	:	good company great product		
5	:	The Bluetooth works great!		
5	:	Fantastic product		
5	:	Nice light weight		
5	:	I use these headphones when taking care of my son. He is so naughty that he always grabs the wire of my previous headphones. This one is perfect for me. The audio quality is very good at such low price. Get the job done.		
5	:	Great sound and super comfortable		
5	:	there is everything to like about this product i have owned the top dollar ones down to these ones and i am sold on the quality and sound		
5	:	Excelente		
5	:	"it looks like the beats???but only 1/3 of that??? Good quality , good price ! I use it when I???m running :)"		
5	:	"Great earphone!! Strong connection,  good sound quality, surprisely the case looks pretty. I would buy it again!"		
5	:	Valued Purchase! Very nice and with little cutie container that very easy to carry. Very good for excising ame never dropping off!		
5	:	"I love these headphones. I wear them all day at work and they stay comfy the whole day, great battery life and great sound.  Very pleased with them all around"		
4	:	"Left my old lightweight folding headphones on a plane, so decided to try these, my first Bluetooth pair.  Initial reaction is they are great, no real complaints for a headset at this price point.They are reasonably lightweight, adjust properly to fit my head, the earmuffs cover my ears fairly comfortably and give very good outside noise attenuation. Like all over-the-ear headsets, you have to put up with the pressure and the need to occasionally shift things to relieve an uncomfortable spot.Can't complain about the sound.  At age 79 I don't have ""audiophile ears"" any more and can't accurately judge high frequency response, but for me the overall sound is clean & very well balanced.  Vocals come through clearly, bass is just right to my taste (79 year olds don't go for vibrate your skull bass).  Max volume on Bluetooth exhibits a little distortion but that is a level well over what I would listen at.  Mid volume is just right.  This is all on Bluetooth, I haven't tried them driven via direct plug-in from a known clean source with more power.Bluetooth performance is impressive.  They paired quickly with my iPhone,and range is outstanding, I left the phone on our dining room table and walked throughout the house with only a hint of dropout at the most distant room, which was about 35-40 feet and through 3 interior walls.Physical construction appears good if not super-rugged, but after all they have to be lightweight.  They fold into a nice package & a cloth bag is provided, along with the charger & a direct-connect audio cable.  Charging is standard 5V viat the flat micro USB connector now common on most cellphones, so you may not have to carry an extra cable when traveling.  No experience yet on battery life.If there is any real ""con"" to mention, it's that I can see wearing them around in public might not be the fashion statement you want to project; they're pretty bulky looking & I'm not keen on the red trim, which draws even more attention.  On the other hand, so what?"		
5	:	"This is a review from NerdTechy. Sometimes you need an extra boost from your audio gear without sacrificing style, durability or convenience. However, finding a pair of headphones that can successfully bridge the gap between looking cool and delivering quality sound is no easy task. There are hundreds of listening options on the market and each one comes with its own design and unique features. Even though there are plenty of quality choices in audio gear, matching the right device to your specific needs is integral to long-term satisfaction. Whether you???re someone who produces music, or the kind of person who just has a very sensitive ear when it comes to sound quality, it pays to be picky when choosing your headphones.In this review I'm going to be taking an in-depth look at the Mpow H1 Bluetooth Headphones. I'm going to be checking out the design, comfort, special features and sound quality in order to give you a fully-comprehensive idea of just what these headphones can really do.First ImpressionsAt first glance we thought that Mpow H1 Headphones had an intense, edgy look with some very cozy looking earpieces. The headband was covered in red and black leather that had some really intricate stitching along the edges, and the plastic earpieces were black with a thin red trim. We liked the color scheme, but thought that, for some, it might be a little intense. We would have liked to see a lighter, more relaxed color choice, just to make the H1 more versatile in their style.The ear cushions were surprisingly thick and lightweight. Just from looking at the cushions we could tell they would easily block out environmental noise, while also being comfortable enough to wear for long periods of time. This is crucial, especially if you???re the kind of person who may want to wear these headphones during a long workday, or in a situation that requires you to be plugged in for a few hours or moreThe Mpow H1 is also lighter than some of its predecessors like the Mpow 059. They weigh in at just 7.5 ounces and measure 6.5 x 5.9 inches, making them the kind of device you truly can wear all day. They are big enough to notice you have them on, but aren???t going to put your neck under any strain while you use them.Both earpieces are adjustable as well as foldable, and are fastened to the leather headband with plastic sliders on a sturdy gunmetal black connector. It???s pretty easy to find the right fit, and we found that once we adjusted them, they stayed snug.On the left earpiece we found the Mpow logo printed in sleek, red lettering, and on the right we found a play and pause button, as well as skip forward and skip backward buttons. We were also able to locate a line in jack and a small opening for a microphoneThe headphones are a true wireless model and connect to smartphones and tablets via Bluetooth 4.1. We were pretty pleased to see that the only wires on the unit were hidden by the leather, and were almost not even noticeable when we took it out of the box.In our opinion, these headphones aren???t best suited for those with very active lifestyles or people who may want a portable listening device to throw in their gym bag. They???re on the larger side and, while they are adjustable, they seem like they could easily slide off during a hard workout. That being said, their larger size and thick ear cushions did make us think that they were comfortable enough to wear around the house or in an office for long periods of time. The bigger size of the earpieces also gave us some pretty high hopes for the sound quality.Our initial feeling is that the Mpow H1 would be best used by busy professionals, musicians or those who are looking for a fully-immersive listening experience. Just be sure to note that the H1 is mainly going to deliver comfort and audio-quality over convenience and portability.Features and AccessoriesWhen you open the box to the Mpow H1 you???ll find some basic accessories. You???ll get the headphones themselves, a 3.5mm audio cable, a USB charging cable, a carrying bag and the user manual. It doesn???t seem like much, but these accessories are actually pretty nifty. By including the 3.5mm cable, it tipped us off to the fact that these headphones could also be used in a home audio system if need be or as a wired device for a smartphone or tablet. The carrying bag was made of soft, protective material and is strong enough to protect the headphones if you choose to take them traveling or to work. While there aren???t a lot of dazzling accessories included in the box, the H1 does have some cool features.First and foremost, they are completely wireless and you can synch them to any Bluetooth enabled device with Bluetooth 4.1. This includes phones, tablets, laptops and even Bluetooth enabled televisions. We were especially pleased to find that there were absolutely no loose wires coming off of the headphones, u"		
5	:	"I got these as a surprise for my boyfriend because his favorite (more expensive) ones had recently broken. I'd checked out the earlier version of these, but decided to get this model, as it is only a few dollars more. He's had a pair of Bose noise canceling headphones as well as Senheiser, so I was a little apprehensive about how he would feel about the sound quality. Fortunately, he loves them! He's super happy about the look, the sound quality, and the competitive pricing."		
3	:	"After trying these out for two days, I can say I, personally, am not a big fan of these.Pros:Very comfortable and light: No pressure on head and I can wear it for hours without getting a headache, which is something that has been an issue with other headphones in the past. The pads completely envelopes my ears, so I don't have that 'is this really an over ear headset?' problem with these.Battery life: More or less as advertised. I left it to charge for about an hour or so right out of the package as instructed. Since then its lasted me so far about 10 hours and still going.Attachable cables: Always a great option when battery does run low. I haven't needed to use it, and I can't speak for the difference in quality between bluetooth and cable connection. Then again, I bought it for the bluetooth capabilities, so I'm not too concerned about it.Build/Appearance: I'm really picky with how my headphones look, and I have to say that these ones look great. It doesn't look or feel cheap. Of course, I wouldn't throw it around haphazardly, but if I were to drop it, I don't think it would break. Be aware that the matte finish does make it easy for scratches and smudges to show up, so if that really bothers you, just beware.Range: I can leave my laptop/phone downstairs and walk upstairs with no breaks or static in connection. My pair of bluetooth earbuds (which I've had for quite a while) do cut out and sometimes disconnect and that has always bothered me. I do expect the connectivity strength to decay after a while, but I won't be owning them long enough to test that out, unfortunately.Oh and connecting to my laptop and phone was extremely fast and easy, so that's a plus.--------Then falling into the 'meh' range, is the sound quality.It's alright. It's nothing to write home about. It's definitely not awful per say, but I've had cheaper headsets sound better. I can't say I would call myself an audiophile or anything, but I am picky about headphones. The best way I can really describe it is that the music sounds very distant. I feel the need to really turn up the volume to get a more immersive feel. (which is something I'll address in my cons).These perform best in the mid ranges. Don't expect great bass, and the high ranges can sound well...just off.-----Cons:Noise cancelling: Alright so, I probably should've checked more before I purchased it but, these headphones offer almost no passive noise cancelling capabilities. It's bothersome since if I'm in the kitchen, I can still hear the hum of my refrigerator fairly clearly. To drown out noise, I need to turn up the volume, and therein lies my next problem.Sound leaking: Oh boy do these cans leak noise. I don't know if its just me, but really don't like the noise leaking from my headset. I don't like bothering people and I don't want people overhearing what I'm listening to. But when I need to have the volume up to get a better sound quality and to block out some of the outside noise, the music leaks quite a bit. I've tested it. I'd say with the volume on my phone a third up, someone sitting near me in the library would be able to notice.I might be too picky on this, but it's something that really bothers me. I don't enjoy feeling worry that my music might be bothering the people around me, even if the leak isn't as bad as I think it is. And since I'm a student, I'm often using them outside rather than in the comfort of my own home. It might just not be a good fit for someone like me. I would skip on this pair if you're planning to listen to some hard rock.Strangely, the higher reviews mention how well the passive noise cancelling are on these cans, and I don't know, maybe it's just me. I know different people like listening to their music at different volumes. My roommate has her volume usually set the lowest and I can barely hear it when I tried to listen to something she was showing me. But honestly, if you don't go into these reviews knowing that people experience audio differently, then I don't know what to say.------A summary if reading all that is too much work:If you're looking for an average pair of headphones that looks good, works fine, and the sound quality is alright, I would say go for it.But if you're looking at these with some higher expectations, I would maybe look around some more and consider spending a bit more for a pair that better suits your needs. I've gone through dozens of headphones looking for a good pair and If there's anything I've learned, it's that trial and error is a good way to find out what you're really looking for.These pair of headphones are by no means bad, and I would recommend them to someone who doesn't care too much about the cons that I thought were dealbreakers. I am by no means an expert or anything, I'm just your average college student who just wants a nice pair of headphones to enjoy music in my downtime. And I might be pick"		
5	:	"Though they may not be true Bose cancelling headphones they sure do sound like them. The bass is awesome and the music is crisp. They connect immediately to your phone or tablet and they are loud as f. Amazing headphones i hope they last as long as possible. Will add a follow up review after a month of using.Follow upYou'd be hard-pressed to find better sounding headphones than these. These headphones are the best that I've ever owned so far. They have work well for me and are very very loud. Don't have these on while driving. Thank you kind officer for the ticket.Six months edited review. Impossible to get through to the sellers. Product won't charge after six months of use. Completely dead, tried several chargers bit won't work. It's such a shame because it is a good product but customer service is so bad it rivals DirectTV. No one responded to calls or emails so the reason that rating drops is subpar product and bad customer service.July 2018...after mentioning how hard it was to get through to customer service, I received an email from them, and they sent me another pair of headphones completely free, I guess through their warranty. So far headphones work great, like they are supposed to, and have no issues charging. If all companies took care of their customers the way Mpow does, the world would be a better place. Thank you again and I'm sure I will enjoy this pair very well. Already made several recommendations to my friends, I'm sure they will purchase. Good product. Back to 5 stars."		
5	:	"WOW! Was not expecting these to produce very good audio quality, but man was I wrong. The audio is honestly comparable to MUCH higher quality headphones. When I first paired them and played music, it sounded almost like my Sony Producer headphones. I've tried comparing the two and have found very minor differences. The sound on these is very crisp and, while they are not noise-cancelling, they do a very good job at drowning out ambient noise. I work in an open office and, while playing music, these headphones always drown out the constant bustle of the office. They are also super comfortable allowing me to wear them for extended periods of time.The only downside is the built in microphone. It's basically garbage. Yeah, it works, but it doesn't work well. If you buy these, don't expect to use them for talking because the mic is just not very good quality.All-in-all, these are, in my opinion, the BEST bang-for-your-buck you can get for a pair of headphones. They're stylish, comfortable, and provide superior audio quality of >= $200 headphones. If you're looking for a pair of headphones, but don't want to break the bank, GET THESE!"		
5	:	"I am (so far) surprised with these headphones considering the price.  I will first say that I???ve never owned over-ear headphones before so maybe my expectations are lower than someone that???s had some Bose or Beats. That said these are great for what I???m using them for. Music sounds great, bass hits hard and mids/highs are perfect for the metal and old school hip hop I like.I work in an open office (loud) environment and am up and down and walking around all day. I was tired of having to remove my old headphones every time I got up plus when on conference calls it was often difficult to hear with all the background noise. Problem solved with the Mpow set! I listen to music at least 5 hrs/day plus an hour or 2 of calls. On a full charge they last 4 days, takes about 3 hrs to charge full from dead. 30 mins of charge from dead gets me 1.5 days.Microphone works well, listeners tell me they hear a bit more background noise but not anything hugely noticeable. Bluetooth works great!! I walk 30-40 ft down the hall and into other rooms/offices and no connection issues-sheetrock and metal framed building. Re-connects automatically soon as I get back in range.Very comfortable on my head, firm sliding size adjustment-don???t have to constantly re-adjust during the day. For $35 you can???t lose. Great bang for your buck!"		
1	:	"Utterly garbage headphones from the start. Poor button controls, ridiculously obnoxious British voice alerts which would interrupt listening for all sorts of completely unnecessary reasons from battery life to volume level. Idiotic feature of a light that flashes non stop on the outside of the headphones creating an embarrassing display in any public situation. However, listening to anything louder than ASMR compilations will easily be heard by anyone nearby thanks to terrible noise containment, so these probably aren't a device you'd want to take into public anyway.Despite all of the downsides, these served their duty well as a pair of headphones I would use alone in my room with the lights on so that I wouldn't be distracted by the endless blinking light coming from my right side, to connect to my ludicrously headphone-jackless phone while the mere single adapter provided with it remained in my car. That is, until they stopped working.After about 20 hours of use, the relentless, interminable British woman who unabatingly blazoned the fact that the headphones had reached maximum volume developed tourettes  and blared her bold proclaimations about battery life and wireless connectivity with no end and seemingly no structure or apparent alignment with any real headphone status.After putting the troubled soul to rest with the power button, the headphones never functioned again, even when bluetooth pairing was recognized by both devices, no media could come through besides static and my poor British woman's hopeless gibberish.Will never buy another product from this poor manufacturer."		
5	:	"The quality of microphone is really bad. If you plan to use it with cell phone for hands free operations, you will be very disappointed. I want to ask about other people experience with mic. May be I got defective item. For music listening this device is acceptable and works as expected.Update: I contacted seller because the item had possible defect. While headphones had very good sound, the microphone produced some humming sound when used with cell phone, so other people had difficulty to hear me. I was not sure if it is a defect or ""normal"" for product in this price range. The seller immediately contacted me and sent replacement item, which works much better. Thus, this company has a good product and, if problem happens, they resolve quickly. It gives great level of confidence dealing with  this seller. Changed to 5 stars"		
5	:	"I???ve never had $500 pair of headphones on, nor will I ever.  These Mpow H1 headphones are amazing.  They produce a kick???n bass, crispy highs, and vocals that are true.  I tried these with Jimi, AC/DC, SRV, 2CELLOS, (if you???ve never seen or heard these guys with 2 cellos, do yourself a favor and check ???em out), and a bunch of other music I have.  I???m at least 10 hours on the initial charge and still going strong.  I don???t know what else to say other than these are good...REAL GOOD."		
1	:	"They are very comfortable but are very LOUD when they first connect, via bluetooth.  The pairing, connecting, connected, low power used a very LOUD voice, independent of current volume setting.  Seems to lose connection quite easily, and then have to listen to that voice again.When you need to charge them, it drops the connection, such a pain.The wires that connect ear pieces are very fragile.  Have had to replace/return two headphones because of broken connections.Wouldn't buy these again because of these two problems.UPDATE: Now the headphones don't work unless they are plugged in to the power.  Really defeats the idea of wireless.  Changed rating to 1 star!Was contacted by the vendor who said they were going to replace them (passed Amazon return) but haven't heard anything since.  Another big fail with these headphones!"		
5	:	"The sound quality and comfort together with wireless, make these my best headsets ever. The ear hole (which no one seems to show measurements) is fine for my normal-sized ears. I do have to carefully set them to not pinch in back, but that works for me for hours. I'm setting about throwing out a host of other headsets based on these. Battery lasts many days of use a few hours a day and sound doesn't degrade when battery gets low."		
4	:	"Wow... These are much better than I expected. I work in an open office and need headphones to keep focus on my work. I had a really nice pair of Bose noise cancelling headphones that got stolen. I have been using my??Sennheiser HD280PRO Headphones (old model)??but the cord gets wrapped around my chair and they squeeze my head too much. I was looking for cheaper options and didn't expect much. I definitely didn't expect headphones this good for the price!The good: these are over-ear (completely cover the ear) headphones. They are comfortable for long-term wearing. The audio quality is spot-on. At least as good as the Bose were and comparable to my Sennheiser HD280PRO. Pairing was easy with my MacBook and Nexus 5X phone. I haven't really been able to gauge battery life because I plug them into USB to charge at night and only use them for 3-4 hours a day.The bad:1. My ears get hot after about 45 minutes. I assume it's the electronics in the headphone and the ear enclosure. I could probably remedy this by setting my Fitbit to make me get up, take off the headphones, and walk around every 45 minutes.2. They are not active noise-cancelling. I thought I was searching for noise canceling headphones and didn't bother reading the description closely. These are not what you want for flying or drowning out your snoring spouse.3. Like so many bluetooth derives, the power button does different things depending on how long you hold it down. Turning off the headphones is annoying because if you don't wait long enough, the headphones go into pairing mode. They probably have a sleep mode but I haven't researched it."		
4	:	"I like these but they don't fold the same as the older H1 models. They don't fit in the suggested case due to the 2 pieces that point out when folded so I'm returning the case. I almost returned the headphones instead to get the older model, but I need the headphones first. I bought these to tune out my coworkers.I am using them now at a comfortable volume and it's great. They're very soft and comfortable, charges in 2-3 hours (doesn't come with a wall charger so I need to charge them through computer via the provided USB cord), and pretty easy to sync up with your phone. I wish there were separate volume and track buttons though. Sometimes I'm trying to do one and the other happens due to poor reaction time. But once you get the hang of it it's okay. The cloth case it comes with fits the headphones REALLY SNUG, almost annoying to put them in. But that doesn't detract the quality of the headphones.Mpow Headphone Case for Mpow 059/ Mpow H1/H2/H5/Thor and More Foldable Headphones of Other Brands, Storage Bag Travel Carrying Case for Headphones Foldable, Over-Ear/ On-Ear"		
5	:	"These have quickly become my favorite way to listen to music. I have a pair at work and at home. They are very light and comfortable and sound great. I did have an issue initially with my computer, but it had to do with the codec for Bluetooth on my Apple computer. I enabled AAC and AptX and now they sound great. I knew it was not the headphones as they sounded great on my iPhone X and when using the provided cable. The Bluetooth range is longer than other headphones. I can listen throughout my house even if my phone is stationary. The controls are simple, just 3 buttons on the right side. The middle one powers the headphones on/off, pauses music, and pairs Bluetooth. The right one, turns the volume up when held down for a few seconds or skips the track if pressed once. The left button turns the volume down (pressing for a few seconds) or goes back a track with a single press. The headphones also have audio voice feedback which is very helpful in a lovely British voice. (Power on, Pairing, Power off, etc.) While they are not noise cancelling, they do block out ambient noise which is great in a noisy office environment, but may not be safe if walking outside. These Mpow headphones are well made and designed. For $36, they are a bargain."		
5	:	"For the price these headphones cant be beat. I was looking for a affordable pair of headphones for an upcoming trip and wanted to find ones where if I broke them or lost  them it wouldn't really ruin my day. So far the battery has been amazing, the sound quality isn't anything to write home about, but does the job for just watching videos or listening to some music. They fold down into a compact size which fit perfectly into my bag. The only con I really had was that the ear pads were not very thick, and the drivers were resting on my ears. I could barely wear them for more then an hour before having to take them off. I ended up purchasing some Brainwavz Ear pads and they have made a huge difference in comfort. I could wear these all day now."		
5	:	"When I opened the box I thought, "" these look a little fragile - like they're not going to take daily use.""  Au contrere; they're as strong as could be. They look more like studio headphones than the big, clutzy headphones encased in plastic. The old saying, ""You get what you pay for"" is true.  Next, after puzzling over the sparsely worded instructions, I turned 'em on. What an eye opener! As a semi-professional bassist for 40 years, I can tell you that the bass tones are phenominal. They could use a little more high end presence, but over all, no less impressive. My advice is, don't go cheap - the cheap models cannot touch these headphones in sound quality.  Spend the extra $ - you will be blown away!"		
5	:	I don't like this product I love it !1 relatively easy to set up With the supplied disk. 2 Sounds excellent nice Treble and bass.  3 you can use a 3.5 mm jack if you don't want to use Bluetooth.  4 Controls are very easy to manipulate on the side up-and-down volumes power on and power off.  5 instead of just peeps to let you know when it's pairing or when it's going on and off a female English voice tells you super.  6 I have an expensive pair of Sony headphones Bluetooth these  are even better.  7 quality is so good buying another pair. Thank you WFP		
5	:	"As soon as I opened the package, I was happy. Solid, soft, light, and comfortable are the words that come to mind. You just feel quality right away. The controls are intuitive and getting them to connect to my TV and my phone was easy. They sound amazing. My one initial concern was that they did not sound loud enough, even with my phone turned up all the way. Reading the manual I learned that the plus and minus signs do double duty. quick press changes the song, long press changes the volume, and not just on the source device like some Bluetooth devices. These seem to have their own volume control beyond that of the source device and I could make them louder than was comfortable, so they certainly get the job done.I cannot yet speak to battery life or how they hold up to long term use, but 18 hours after I unboxed them, I am amazed they were less than $40. I have not been this happy with a purchase in a long time. Also, I have not yet tried to use them for a phone call as that is not why I bought them. My primary use is with my new 4K TV after my wife goes to bed. I like TV loud, and this way I can listen at the volume I want without disturbing her."		
5	:	"For me they are better then two others I have, Sennheiser RS120 and an Amazon Basics set.  The RS120 set has had a lot of popping and cracking noises in it from day one and the Amazon Basics have an annoying habit of cutting out for about 1sec once ever couple minutes.  These headphones have no similar issues and I love them.  I am not an audiophile by any means, at 73yrs young my hearing is nothing compared to younger years but I can tell that these phones have great sound and to my hearing sound better than the other two.I gave it 5 stars anyway but on the con side there is a minor issue with the bluetooth connection.  Everytime I power them on I get the voice saying ""Power On"" then it says ""Connected"" and then it says ""Disconnected"" But the thing is, it does not connect until it says ""Disconnected"", only then does the sound come through??  I suppose it could have something to do with the BT transmitter but in any case it is a minor issue."		
2	:	"Pros: These headphones are *extremely* lightweight, and have a true ""fitover"" design.Sound is clear, and pairing simple.They do successfully connect to two devices at once, such as a phone and tablet or laptop.Cons: (and the reason for my rating) -- they are LOUD, even on the lowest setting - and I did go into my settings as a previous reviewer suggested, and enabled volume limiting - it didn't help.On volume setting One, they (and every other Bluetooth earphone I've tried) are mute, but on volume Setting Two, they are UNBEARABLY LOUD.Last night, I set them on my pillow and used them for a speaker (and could hear perfectly well).I realise this may be a Pro for some, but I want to safeguard my hearing.I am honestly disappointed, because they are (as many other reviewers agree) about the most comfortable headset I've ever worn.I could easily see wearing them all day - if the settings let me turn them DOWN. And yes, the ""power"" and ""pairing"" prompts are even louder.As for the buttons - I didn't have any problems with the multi-function buttons.In fact, the power/pairing button on these is more logical than others I've used.For most, you press the power button for on, long press for off, and longer press for pairing. That makes it easy to accidentally turn them off.These are better, because the ""off"" and ""pairing"" are reversed. Long press for pairing, longer for Off.Personally, I like this much better, as I don't keep turning them off accidentally.If you don't mind LOUD, these are excellent headphones. And for the price, they feel very durable!For me, though, the LOUD renders them unfit for purpose.I'll try to answer any questions in the comment thread."		
4	:	"Not an audiophile but I love the bluetooth and strong head connection for the gym. The sound is very crisp, it holds charges well and connects and disconnects automatically which I love. It's almost the best wireless headphones I've had.I wish the buttons were a little better; maybe have a separate button for volume? I have to time the way I push the FF/REW buttons to change the volume.two cons: I wish they weren't so tough on the bending in the band; it hurts my head after more than an hour of wear.I wish it somehow didnt get so hot and sweaty after an hour at the gym. I have to take them off and blow on the earpads to get rid of the sweat and cool it down.Would prefer more colors."		
4	:	"Pretty easy to connect to a Bluetooth transmitter. Bought this for my grandparents to connect to the TV so they could hear without having cords running across the floor. At least from the TV sound it was a little light on the bass, but that could just be the source. One cool thing was that my granddad could hear what we were saying when he wore them which is unusual."		
5	:	"I know the manufacturer recommends to fully charge the headphones before using them but I was so excited that I only had them charging for a few minutes before I powered it on and paired it (seamlessly) with my android phone. It connected within seconds, and they sound amazing! The ear cups are also extremely comfortable and the headphones are so lightweight you can barely feel them. On that note there is some sound leakage for me because I have a small head and small ears (but that's a very common thing for me with over the ear headphones.) There is no recognizable static (wireless) and they manage to sound even better wired. The wireless connection length is truly 33 feet (maybe even a little further, better than any Bluetooth headphones I've ever owned at any price point!) I was able to go all the way upstairs, to the kitchen, to the bathroom, and it wasn't until I got to the mid back half of my house that it cut out, but as soon as I got back in range it automatically reconnected (I've owned a few pairs of wireless headphones that need to be manually paired after they disconnect when you get out of distance.) They even came with a nice gray velvet carrying bag, as well as the usb charger and cord for wired listening. As others have mentioned the mic is pretty bad (dropped calls, low quality sound) so if your primary use is calls, these won't work for you.For those of you who skim, or don't have the patience to read the above review:Pros:-Sound quality-Comfort-Look way more expensive than they are-Long battery life-Both wireless and wired (with included cord)-Very lightweight-Huge connection distance on Bluetooth (can go far from device)Cons:-(If you have a small head) there may be sound leakage-mic is bad (dropped calls, low quality sound)"		
2	:	"These are good head phones and I like them, although I think some of these reviews are over inflated. I was able to easily pair them with my phone.  However, I purchased them to listen to music on my Kindle HD 8. Even after writing for product support and following the instructions (which involved turning off my phone and disconnection of other blue tooth devices throughout the house-very annoying!); I couldn't get it to connect.  I'm keeping it anyway because they are nice headphones but nowhere near Bose quality as one reviewed purports.  I'm skeptical of some of the reviews here. *** Update: After this review, the company sent me another pair and asked me to try again and revise my review.  I tried again and again and again. I sent back two emails I'm not sure they read.  I also spoke with Kindle fire support who informed me that these ARE NOT COMPATIBLE with the Kindle Fire. You can connect them using the cord, just not as a Bluetooth headset."		
1	:	The worst. Bluetooth barely works and sound can be heard outside of the headphones		
5	:	"Intro:I like listening to music when I work.  I also get very distracted by background noise.  This all being said I purchased a few different headphones over the years.  Personally I enjoy an over the ear headphone, silly but it also helps hold my hair back, no need for a hat then.Fit:On top of that while I don't have huge ears, my ears aren't small either.  They are average size, and I find most over the ear headphones just simply were too small for my big round head and ears.  The headphones fit very nice and I have worn them for 4-6 hours at a time and do not find them uncomfortable.  So the description is right when they say ""lightweight, comfortable for a long time wearing"".Sound Quality:Now on to the 'how they sound' - I stream my music right from my phone using Amazon Music (no plug or affiliation lol).  The sound quality is second to none.  If I could say only one thing sometimes I wish there was more bass, but then again I grew up in a period in which you decked out your cars with amps and subs.  So it's safe to say I always want more bass.  The noise canceling is superb.  When I am in my home office working I cannot hear the dog bark, the kids, or the wife.  For that I am thankful as I have said before I am an easily distracted person.Battery Life:The battery life is amazing as well.  I was surprised I can get almost about 3-4 days of listening to these headphones.  Now please understand I listen to them anywhere from 3-6 hours a day.Nutshell:Overall,  I have been extremely pleased with this purchase.  I must of gone through about 6-7 different pairs before finally giving in on this pair.  There is no looking back or any other option now.  For the price you really cannot go wrong.I hope you find this review useful and hopefully this review can ""pass it forward"" to someone that was a troubled working soul just wanting to find a good pair of headphones like myself."		
1	:	"Not sure why these are the newest version. They broke in less than 2 weeks. However, the previous version which I bought to replace these are much better!"		
5	:	"I read the reviews thoroughly and have heard much about how great the audio is in these headsets ..  I've also read where people don't like the lack of privacy in public because of being able to hear outside the headphones ..  Privacy it's a big deal for me, as much as the quality of the audio ..  Here's my breakdown:PROS * Very impressive build quality * Very comfortable to wear * The mic seems to be pretty decent for not having a boomCONSAt FULL Volume, I can barely hear anything!!  The headphones I received must be defective, because I've read many reviews describing the sound to be great, plus so loud people can hear them outside the headphones ..Sadly I'll be returning these headphones, as they are no good to me if I can barely hear with them!** Update:  They contacted me directly via email and are sending me a new headset.  I should receive by this Saturday according to the tracking number.  I will update with results here after I receive the new headphones.  Personally I am very impressed with the manufacturer's communication and willingness to satisfy the customer, hopefully the replacement headset will be great!  I will let you guys know ..***** UPDATE *****They sent me a replacement headset which arrived within 3 days...  WOW!!  As far as bass & volume these blow my turtle beach & Logitech headsets out of the water ..  The original unit I received must've been defective ..  the replacement unit is going to be my daily headset.Thanks Mpow for the super-fast response and for making it right.  No regrets here at all."		
5	:	"for inexpensive headphone, they work well. I know there have been comments on several apple sites about these and other headphones being to loud even on the lowest volume setting. Same with these headphones but I found if you go into settings, music, EQ and check loudness, it fixes the problem. I have had these headphones for 6 months and they have worked perfectly. They look kind of clunky but do a good job of blocking out the noise and the sound is  good, actually much better than my $100 skull candy headphones which broke after 1 year.  The only problem is trying to use the volume control on the headphones. If you press the + or - too long it forwards or back to the next or previous song. I found it is better to use the volume control on my iPhone. The microphone for calls and ease of operation is very good. Great buy, I recommend these headphones."		
5	:	"For the price, I can't complain. The sound is excellent. Granted, both ear muffs fell off, but I put them back on with my glue gun and I don't notice the difference. I'm very impressed and may even buy a second pair.NOTE: I noticed other reviewers complaining that the headphones don't always connect to their phones automatically. I have noticed this. I never considered it a big deal, but I figured out the cause today. If you have more than one device these headphones could potentially connect to, the headphones will not know what to do. They connect automatically to my phone if I am outside of my apartment, but they do not connect if I am inside because I also have a laptop and ipad competing for the connection.These headphones also work for phone calls. The sound is great, and there must be a built-in mic because I can walk around and no one has complained about not hearing me. At first, I didn't like being isolated from my own voice (I end up talking louder), but I have gotten used to it and sometimes I just keep one ear piece off. These are less than half the cost of a Plantronics headset, but I would buy these over Planatronics' earpieces. I feel more comfortable in public with my small earpiece (instead of these more conspicuous headphones), but I get sick of the earpiece falling off and now use these headphones for phone calls much more often.I use them every day. They are a great product for an excellent price ($35 when I bought them)."		
4	:	"My $70.00 Skullcandy Hesh3 bluetooth over ear headphones sound much better than my new $25.00 MPOW H1 headphones. However, the Hesh3 headphones are in for warranty repair. I bought these to fill the void while I wait for the return of my Hesh3 headphones. The Hesh3 headphones also sound better than my $35.00 wired SoundMAGIC E10 earbuds. The MPOW H1 headphones do not sound as good as the SoundMagic E10s. The Hesh3 headphones are smaller and lighter than the MPOW H1 headphones. The Hesh3 headphones have an amazing 30 plus hour battery life. The MPOW H1headphones lasted less than 20 hours on a full charge. However, the build quality of the MPOW H1 just feels more durable than Hesh3 headphones. As I mentioned the Hesh3 headphones are in for repairs. The volume up button quit working after 6 months. Despite mediocre sound quality, the MPOW H1 headphones are worth the $25.00 that I paid for them.The middle multi function button performs numerous functions. When connected to my Android Nougat phone via bluetooth, two quick pushes of the center button brings up Google Assistant into my ears. At this point I can initiate phone calls by voice and/or ask Google for basic information. No need to take your phone out of your pocket. I don't know if the MPOW H1 headphones  will work the same  with other phone operating systems. I have included this information on Google Assistant functionality since I could not find it anywhere prior to purchasing the MPOW H1 headphones. Hands free functionality is important to me so I am happy."		
4	:	"[Update]This company is a top notch company.  They really take care of their customers and they do business for a long term since they care about their reputation not quick money from us.  After my review below, they contacted me and offered to send me the other unit.  I didn't ask for that.I added one more star for this wonderful company that I would sure buy again from them.  The company definitely deserves a 5 star.  So I give the head phone an extra star due to the support of the company that you know you're in good hand.I wish the company that cares about their product and bases their success on good reputation very successful in the future and to be the next Amazon due to their success is based on customer happiness.Yes, Amazon is #1 company and Jeff Bezos is my hero and an inspiration!------------------Compared to the 059, I paid similar price.  This don't have next/previous track button.  The look is not as good.  The ear muff are held by metal wires, seems cheap and weak.  Sounds same or worse than 059. Other than that, they work about the same.  I should have bought the other one as a second pair instead."		
5	:	"It's rare these days when a company stands behind its products, but Mpow did and I am ecstatic.I bought a pair of Mpow H1 Bluetooth Headphones over six months ago and they got damaged going through an X-ray machine at an airport.  The pad came off the left earphone. Despite researching YouTube, the internet and the universe at large, I found no answer for how to re-attach the pad to the earpiece.I wrote Mpow and asked if they had any instructions. The service person asked me to send a picture of my broken headphones, which I did. Then, I was asked if a new set of Mpow headphones would resolve the problem to my satisfaction. ""Hells, yes!""And I received a brand new pair. No charge, no hassles, no headaches.I'm delighted because these headphones sound terrific, I love them.If you're researching headphones, trust a company that makes wonderful products AND stands behind them?????? Mpow!"		
5	:	"When our $200 pair of Sony headphones broke (yes, one of the earmuffs snapped off), I read a lot of reviews and settled on these,  Not only are they lightweight, but the sound does not leak out to others in the room. Best of all, they pair up instantly with a voice notification to let you know they are connected. Very cool. Love these and plan to purchase a second pair to use as a backup."		
4	:	"The fit is absolutely incredible, the comfort rivals Sony studio over-ear headphones. The sound isolation is almost to-a-fault as now my daughter is unable to hear me calling. In terms out output, they don???t sound quite as good as previous off-brand headphones by Soundbot as the sound is sometimes tinny. Bass is quite decent and it???s hard to complain considering the price.Controls are solid, and the skip track/volume up, back track/volume down is nice! The power button cycles through pairing before power-down at times which can be confusing. Battery power is impressive at 12hours considering my daughter likes living with music on 24/7.I???ll run a follow up review after we get some mileage on these cans. The four words - so far, so good."		
1	:	"Terrible quality. I've had these headphones for exactly one week and already the audio has cut out on the right earphone. Not sure if it's a loose wire or what the issue is, but I've used these things solidly at my desk for a week and now, the right audio does not work. I love the price, but I need them to work more than a couple of days."		
5	:	"For my first ever experience with a bluetooth Headphones I wanted to try something that had good customer ratings but was also very affordable. I feel the Mpow H1 definitely hits that sweet spot. They are very high quality, feel very comfortable to wear for long durations. The fit can be adjusted easily which is very important for people like me with very large heads. The sound quality is excellent and very loud. They pair easily with devices and a built-in voice helps clue you in when the device is on, off, pairing, or volume max is reached. The volume controls work as a remote control so it adjusts the volume of the actual device itself. I've paired mine with my Playstation Vita as well as my PC through a USB Bluetooth Adapter and they work great!"		
5	:	"EDIT AGAIN: The seller sent new headphones and these ones work even better than the last pair, which means that the first pair I bought were likely just faulty. I think it shows that this seller is responsible and is willing to fix their mistakes.EDIT: The seller contacted me and told me they'll send me a new pair for my troubles. Once I receive this pair I'll rewrite my review. The seller seems to have taken responsibility for a faulty product and  has gained my respect.Worked well for a few weeks but now it won't turn on and won't charge at all. It'll only turn on when I have it charging, and the owners manual says it can't be turned on while charging. Pretty faulty headphones. One of the earpads fell off too.It's a shame because I really loved these headphones. Hope they send me a pair that isn't faulty. Maybe this one was just a fluke."		
4	:	"As of December 12, my pair of Mpow bluetooth headphones has ceased bluetooth functions. I have had this set of headphones for almost 5 months now.The problem now is that I can still turn on the headset when the earpieces are closed to a ???c??? shape with the earpieces touched together. However, the headset will automatically turn off whenever I try to stretch the headpiece to a ???C??? shape to put it over my head. I cannot turn on the device once it is on my head. I believe that this may be caused by some problem in the wiring because the power is killed every time I stretch the headset to place it onto my ears. The headset still functions normally with the wired setup.This pair of headphones was just under $35, and it functioned very nicely when it was fully operational. Take that statement with a grain of salt because my only prior experience with earbuds/headphones was a pair of wired Apple earbuds. I was very impressed by the initial experience with the Mpow headset because audio quality was much higher compared to the earbuds that I was previously using. I have been using it daily for about an average of 30 minutes per day, ranging from about 10 minutes to 2 hours of daily usage. I have compiled a list of pros and cons for this headset:ProsAffordability - This is a decent headset to pick up if you want a set of cheap over-ear headphones.Earpiece extension - The earpieces are connected to the main headpiece by a metallic extender that allows you to adjust the earpieces to the proper size that best suits your needs. This extender reduces the possibility of snagging your hair.Buttons - The buttons are slightly confusing to get used to, but they are very convenient once you get used to them. The only downside is that it is difficult to adjust the volume using the headset buttons. Pausing/playing, forward skip, and backward skip works fine for an Apple mobile device playlist.Sound quality - If you???re a person like me who switched over from cheap earbuds, then you???ll also notice a clear difference in sound quality.Battery life - As advertised, the battery life can go up to the advertised amount from listening to music through Bluetooth.ConsComfort - I found that these earpieces really makes your ears warm up. This caused my ears to sweat a little during prolonged usage. This is anecdotal, so you'll have to try them out yourself to see if it suits your needs.Stutter - This is uncommon, but there were a few occasions when the audio being played through Bluetooth had brief hiccups. This was not caused by the connection range limit either because this happens even when the phone was in my pocket.It broke - I have handled this headset with care, even going so far as to putting it back in its original box whenever I was not using it. Unfortunately, the Bluetooth function just no longer works for my headset."		
3	:	"I was looking  for a pair of headphones to pair w/my Tablet to listen to music at work. Not wanting to spend a few hundred dollars I brought Mpow H1 Bluetooth Headphones since the price was right.The fit was good when sitting at my desk or walking around, never used them while performing any physical activity.They are a bit big even when folded so they take up some room in my computer bag. If I were going on holidays I might look for something smaller to pack. But again I brought these for Office use.I had no problem with the battery life, I could listen to music all day (8 hr's at work) and charge them when I got home and they were good to go the next day. I could charge them Saturday Night, and still have the same battery performance come Tuesday when I went back to work.They don't cancel out any background noise, but they aren't advertised to. Sound was okay and overall I was satisfied w/my purchase.I say ""was"" because since buying them this past February, they now longer work properly. In wireless mode I get no sound from the left side speaker. I tried wired mode and I get sound from the left side but not the right. Go figure.I understand this is a common problem w/many of these style headphones. I have a pair of wired Sony Headphones that has lasted over 15 years.At this price point, it won't break the bank to chuck them into the rubbish bin. But that expense could quickly add up if you need to replace the Headphones every few months, or a year.I contacted the Seller via Amazon and we'll see where that goes. In the end while I was happy with the initial purchase I can't recommend  the Mpow H1 Bluetooth Headphones since the longevity just isn't there.Updated 12/13/2018I contacted the Seller directly and they also read my review here. Long story short they are sending me a new Headset as I'm within the warranty period. Customer service was quick and responsive and without the hassle one usually encounters when trying to get support on a product."		
5	:	"I mostly use these headphones as an alternative to my Rokit 5 speakers when I'm mixing/mastering music.  They surprisingly do an incredible job!  I feel that the low end frequencies are accurately represented which is super helpful.  90% of the time I mix on my main speakers but when my ears are getting tired or I need to hear the music from a different audio source, these headphones are a great alternative!  I also love how comfortable they are."		
4	:	Value for money product. The seller Patozon has a good customer service too.I just found that the microphone echoes your sound to the person on the other side and your voice may not be very clear at times to them.Overall it's a good product.		
4	:	"To start - I really want to give these headphones five stars. For the price you're getting everything you could ask for: Bluetooth, high quality build construction, carrying case, and good sound. The reality of it is though, is that these aren't a five star set of headphones. Although these feel like a lot like something twice to three times the price, there's something in the sound that keeps it from convincing you it's premium.There's a lot of crisp clarity in these cans. Surprisingly you can hear plenty of the subtle nuances in most genres, and the mids aren't scooped out. There's a tad bit of sparkle added in the highs - and that's probably what's giving it that essence of clarity. The lows, however, I felt needed a subtle eq boost. These are not an overly-bassy headphone, so if you're looking for some boomers you may need to look elsewhere.Battery life is outstanding. I'd believe their claim of 20 hours. They charge via a standard micro-usb like the older Android phones, and they charge quickly. The package also comes with a 3.5mm aux cord that you can use if you don't want to use the Bluetooth. Bluetooth distance is satisfactory, I never walked very far from my phone, however.In conclusion you really can't beat these headphones for the price. I love them, I'm just a tad critical about how my audio sounds. They're sturdy, foldable, wireless, and sound pretty good. Snag yourself a pair, you'll like 'em."		
5	:	"I have only had these for a week, but they charge and work flawless. Takes between 2-3 hours to fully charge. My coworker tried them and now he is buying a pair for himself. I'm sure that for the low price, they will not last forever, but I promise you I'm more pleased to have spent ALOT less money to have crisp, clear sound with great bass, than forking out $200-$300 or more for higher end headphones with not much better sound. As far as cancelling out sound, they do a great job of cancelling out outside noise. I mainly bought these so that I can hear myself think whenever I go outside my house because of my neighbor's annoying, crap eating dog, that barks all day long."		
3	:	"The headphones fit well, look great and sound wonderful. However, the H1 headphones have a design flaw that make them very frustrating to use.  The H1 headphone uses the volume up and down buttons to advance the track forward and backward.  A quick push on the volume button advances the track, while a long push raises or lowers the volume. Unfortunately, every time I raise or lower the volume, I inadvertently change the track.  It's very frustrating.  My wife owns a pair of Tribit XFree Tune headphones that also uses the volume up and down buttons to advance the track forward and backward.  However, a short push of the volume buttons on the Trivbit headphones raises or lowers the volume while a long push changes the track.  This makes all the difference in the world.  I never accidentally advance the track when changing the volume on the Tribit headphones. If Mpow would modify its design to function like the Tribit headphones, Mpow would have a winner.  I returned my Mpow H1 headphones for a refund."		
5	:	"**Update** The company contacted me right away after this review and offered to send me another pair to try.  The representative was friendly, courteous, and most importantly, focused on making this a great experience for me, their customer.  I am happy to say that the replacement pair fit me better and worked better for my individual needs.I would not hesitate to recommend that s company and their products to anyone.  Great customer service is becoming a thing of the past, but this company is doing their best to bring it back.I ordered these headphones instead of another pair of the same brand because these were recommended by the company for comfort.  The sound is good, they work well for calls, the range away from my phone is ok, the charge holds for a long time.  They are comfortable, both the war pieces and the headband are padded and comfortable, but the ear pieces are huge.  They come way below my ear and interfere with my jaw.  So crazy!  I think I'm going to have to send these back and order something else."		
5	:	"Update: Patozon and Mpow contacted me, after my original review below, and told me that this was very likely a defective unit and they sent me a new one. I have tried the new unit for 2 days and it is solid in the Bluetooth connection, it is completely different from the other one. This one keeps connected even if you walk far from the device from which is linked. So, I am changing my review to five stars because this is a very good sounding pair of headphones (probably able to compete in sound quality with products at double its price), the headphones are very comfortable since you can wear them for hours without fatigue, the Bluetooth connectivity is very strong and can stay connected for hours without cutting off and, as important as all of that, the company behind the headphones has a superb customer service.Original Review: I bought these headphones as a gift for my wife. She paints as a hobby in her free time, and she needed a pair of headphones to isolate herself to be able to paint. We live in an apartment with, so we do not have a backyard. The headphones needed to be wireless to avoid the wire making a mess with the oils and other painting materials.We carefully selected these headphones because they look very comfortable. Me and my wife, we both care about sound, I am an audiophile and I have tried to transfer some of that passion for good sound to her. The headphones arrived yesterday, she tried them and she told me that they were super comfortable. She used them for 2 hours. After that, she told me that although she was in front of her laptop, the Bluetooth connection with her laptop will cut off every 5 or 7 minutes. I asked about the sound and she said so, so. I took them for a spin while writing a document, I connected the Bluetooth to my own laptop, and after 10 minutes or so, the same thing happened, the connection will cut off. There is a kind of a pattern, the connection cuts off mostly when I move my head suddenly or I turn or when I start walking away. I have tried connecting the headphones to my smartphone and other devices and it is the same, the Bluetooth connection cuts off. As for the audio, it is very good for the price, it has enough bass, very natural mids, and enough treble without being metallic in the highs department. I tested with lots of different music and, for this price, is a very good sound that rivals other wireless headphones around $100. Now, all of that does not count if the headphones can't keep the bluetooth connection for more than 5 or 6 minutes, because it is very annoying to have your favorite song suddenly cut off."		
5	:	"For a long time, I've been buying Skullcandy earphones because they have a good sound and I can put them away in my pockets.  However, I was tired of buying earphones and then in less than a year, I would destroy them by accident because I am very clumsy or not even aware that they are tangled to my wheelchair.  I was not sure what kind of headphones should I get and decided to go with the Mpow H1. The controls are easy to use and paired fine with my LG fortune phone from Cricket.The things that I liked:Great sound and loud enoughBattery life is good, I bought these back in early September and the battery hasn't lowered yet. Probably because they were precharge.Comfortable, in the past, I had headsets after a long use they would cause discomfort, but these I have not had a discomfort with the Mpow H1.Noise cancelling, I hear the music more than the background.The price is good.The headphones have fallen off my wheelchair and I barely ran over them, thankfully it was a scrape.I can either use them wirelessly or use the aux cable with non-Bluetooth devicesWhat I didn't like:Well so far I got nothing bad to say about the Mpow H1, but the fact that it feels strange to have big headphones in public what kind of fashion statement is that, but that shouldn't an issue at all just the performance matters.You might be confused how to use the volume and go to the next track, in order to go the next track you have to hold the button and progressively lower or put it higher. You may use the headphones 25-50 feet away from the phone, laptop or Bluetooth enabled devices, but you won't be able to change the track, the volume will still work.The bottom line:I am satisfied with the Mpow H1's performance with sound and durability just what I was looking for."		
4	:	"This is my first foray into over ear headphones so I don't have much for comparison, but on their own, I'd say these are pretty great headphones. While I enjoy in-ear headphones, I'd been looking for something with more punch that could also stay in my ears easier than those rubber-in-ear headphones. This so far checks all the boxes. My ears are a little on the larger side and these cover them perfectly. There isn't much room for them to breathe outside of that though and for that reason it can get warm pretty quickly, but if you're taking a break every so often, it shouldn't be an issue. Additionally, pairing works easily as well, but can cause issues if you have it connected to multiple things. I tried connecting them to my computer and they automatically paired to my iPhone as well. Not an issue in terms of sound, but you could accidentally burn some battery and not be fully aware of it. The padding on time is sufficient. It's not the most comfortable thing, but it's not gonna hinder wearing them either. If I have one issue with these, it's that of sound bleeding. While I haven't tested it with another person, when pushing the headphones against one and other to cover the cups fully, you can hear the sound leaking through at about 50% volume. If you're jamming out on your own then no issue, but if you're trying to listen to music on public transportation, you could be disturbing a neighbor. Just something to look out for. Another small problem is that they don't pair extremely well with glasses. Mine keep getting adjusted even when just putting on the headphones and it can't be fully fixed without removing the headphones and rearranging everything. I say this is a small problem because I've tested many on-ear/over ear headphones (these are just my first purchased of the over ear kind) and they always mess with my glasses. Just something us visually impaired people gotta deal with. Otherwise, I have no other issues with these and would fully recommend them."		
4	:	"UPDATE: The pair I had before was *definitely* bad. The nice folks at Mpow sent me another pair of these headphones and the new pair sounds great. The bass is fine and the mid and upper ranges sound crisp.  Upping this review to 4 stars because of the customer service and also because the new pair of headphones sounds the way you'd expect. They're also very comfortable, and Bluetooth on the new set paired easily with both my phone and my iPad.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Maybe I got a bad pair of headphones, but the sound from these headphones was muddy and kind of ???dull??? or muffled. I can???t believe this is the way they???re supposed to sound which is why I say this may have been a defective set.Pairing was a little inconsistent and finicky, but I did finally get them to pair with an iPad and an MP3 player.They???re lightweight and comfortable, and they come with a small carrying bag (not a case).Other than what I???ve written above, I can???t review these properly since I believe they are defective."		
1	:	"BOUGHT BASED ON GOOD REVIEW OF HEADPHONES AND THE PROMISE THAT IT PAIRS UP TO TV!  IT PAIRED ONLY TO TABLET AND THAT IS NOT WHAT WE WANTED.  ***Please note that if your TV can not transmit bluetooth signals, you need a separate bluetooth transmitter. Could you please tell us if your TV have bluetooth function or not so that we can issue a replacement or a refund to you?ANSWER: We have an additional transmitter, would not pair up.  We have another set of headphones and it works easily.  So, I wish we could get a newer replacement that DOES pair up with TV or even the soundbar we have; it only worked with a tablet we had.  We will send the other back to you if you want.  Thanks!"		
5	:	"I'm on conference calls all day at work and had another BT LG model headset.  They were smaller in design, but one side kept going out and loosing audio -- even on a warranty replacement.Now to start, i wanted something that would be comfortable for a lengthy time to listen to and had great audio for music as well.  I did a lot of research and found these.First impressions.  I opened the box and found these to be far greater in quality than expected.  The fit is comfortable and snug, but not an uncomfortable snug.  The sound is impressive - clear and full.  I found i actually turned the volume way down based on my wired headphones as the sound was more rich and better heard.  These units are great, light weight and really comfortable.  I'd recommend to anyone as for the price, you can't beat it.  Based on the quality for the cost, i don't see why individuals would spend $300 on a high end brand.  By a few of these and give out to friends instead..."		
4	:	"[Update]: I received a replacement pair from the company in response to my negative review. I???m keeping the original review intact below, as the replacement shows that the quality is inconsistent for this product.PROS: Comfort, AudioThe replacement pair of headphones is still very comfortable and has surprisingly decent audio quality for the price. And again, I???m able to wear them for many hours at a time without discomfort; of course, my ears will get irritated if I leave them on for 8+ hours, but that would happen with any pair of headphones.INCONSISTENT: Battery life, Bluetooth antenna, microphoneAs I???ve now tried 3 pairs of this same model headphones, I???ve found some elements aren???t consistent with the product.Battery life on my current pair is not as great as the first two. Granted, it???s still very long, but it seemed to drain much faster than before. The first two seemed to turn themselves off when they didn???t receive an active signal for a period of time, but these don???t seem to do that. Battery will probably be fine as long as I remember to turn off the headphones when not in use.The Bluetooth antenna on this model seems to be normally powered. I???m not getting interference with my Bluetooth mouse and keyboard as I did before.Finally, the microphone, which was one of the major issues with the first two, seems to be ok this time. It seems to work fine indoors, but not as loud or clear as I???d like for meetings. I don???t trust it enough to try it outside again, as I worry it will pick up too much ambient noise again, and that???s not something I can test in a work meeting.CONS: inconsistencyThe only cons I have at this point, is the above noted inconsistent quality of the product. The headphones I have now are good, but I???ve had to replace them twice to get to that point.[Original review below, with headings added]:SUMMARY:I really wanted to keep these, but I need a headset with a decent microphone for conference calls at work, and the microphone on this is absolute garbage. That said, they were great as headphones for music.PROS: Comfort, Audio & BatteryThey are very comfortable and I'm able to wear them without discomfort for hours at a time. The audio quality is better than I expected for the price, with great mid-range. There's a slight boominess in the low end, and some harshness in the highs, but again, they're cheap.The battery life is not bad, either. I don't know exact times, but I used these heavily for about 2 weeks before needing a charge.CONS: Microphone, Inconsistent Quality, Bluetooth AntennaThe first pair I received had an issue that the headphones couldn't fold properly, as one of the wires connecting the headband to the earpiece was too short, and prevented folding. The replacement I ordered using Amazon's return policy did not have the issue, but almost does (one wire gets pretty tight when folded, the other not so much).As I mentioned, the microphone is total crap. The first pair I had, my teammates told me that there was so much ambient noise, they couldn't hear my voice (voice isolation and ambient noise redux is bad). With the replacement pair, my team complained of garbled audio.I've also had a lot of issues with the shoddy bluetooth antenna. Maybe it's overpowered or erratic, but I've had issues maintaining connection with a single device when paired with two devices. As advertised, it will pair with two devices, but even when one device is not playing audio, audio on the other device will be choppy, as if it's cycling between the two devices' audio signals. Even when disconnecting the headphones from one device, the issue persists, as I assume it constantly tries to repair with the antenna. I have to turn off the bluetooth antenna of one device or the other to resolve the issue. The breaking point was that while listening to a youtube clip today, my bluetooth mouse's connection was cutting out. Once I turned off the headphones, the mouse issue resolved itself."		
4	:	"Update:The seller contact me next day to issue a refund because I am not 100% satisfied. For company who does so well in customer service, I will just use the refund and buy their other model to give a try.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Using this for about 2 weeks and my feeling towards it is mixed. While I am happy for the sound, I am also disappointed that it hurts my ears after an hour so I couldn't use it as much.1. The quality and sound certainly beats my expectation. Yes there are better one out there but comparing apple to apple I feel this headphone is good for it's price range.2. The ear cup is too small. It's about 2 inches long and 1/2 inch deep. Sure it will be fine for some people but I just don't understand why can't they make it bigger so it can fit more people.  It's a big drawback for me regardless how good the sound is because I can't wear it for long to enjoy it.This would be 5 star if I have smaller ear. Unfortunately I can only say it's okay since I can't really enjoy it. Still debating if I should return it and look for another with bigger ear cup."		
4	:	"UPDATE 2:For posterity, I will be leaving my original review and update below, but consider this an entirely new review.The headphones are comfortable and fairly well-made. The sound quality is good enough for any casual user looking for a good set of headphones. The Bluetooth battery life is very long.Also commendable is Mpow's customer service. When my original pair stopped working, they helped me with troubleshooting and replaced the product when it still did not work. Hopefully this new set does not prove to have the same issues.-------------UPDATE:Well, it was good while it lasted, which was not very long. In wired mode, only the left ear receives sound. Bluetooth has become incredibly unresponsive, failing to turn on 90% of the time. When it does, it usually disconnects at random. I am extremely disappointed with what seemed to be a quality product failing so quickly. I would like a refund and/or a replacement.-------------ORIGINAL REVIEW:I am very satisfied with this purchase. Good sound quality and excellent battery life on Bluetooth mode. Looks different than the pictures, but still excellent quality."		
2	:	"I've gone through a handful of bluetooth headphones over the last several years. I buy them so I can play music on my cellphone and not be attached by a cord. And despite being older tech, it is actually kind of hard to find bluetooth headphones that are affordable, durable and work reasonably well.  I'll just go over what worked and didn't and you can decide from there.Battery life: These seem to actually be pretty impressive in terms of battery life. They arrived on a Tuesday and I charged them fully, turned them on and put them on constant use and there was not a peep about battery low until Saturday. And it did not take long to charge them back up again. so that was worthy of a full star.Sound: These are not Bose headphones. And I am not an audiophile. BUT with that said, I find that actually, these do not have a consistent sound. The music sounds fine but occasionally I get a crinkle sound or the song will outright cut out for a split second, every few songs or so. I thought perhaps if I had them fully charged, fully discharged and recharged again, it might clear up. This is not ok, and actually REALLY important in terms of value and quality of the headphones. I'm not expecting perfection but If I'm in the same room as the machine I'm connected to via bluetooth, I don't think it's unreasonable to expect the headphones to maintain a consistent connection.Comfort: Pretty reasonably comfortable. Not bad and I can wear my glasses while wearing the headphones.Signal strength: This is where I am at a loss. Because the crinkling and cutting out say that there is an issue with signal strength. BUT when I leave my room and wander the house, I can wander and the sound doesn't literally cut out due to a loss of signal through the many walls, You can walk away, leave the room and still listen to your music if you dont mind the occasional crinkle. None of the other headphones I have owned have been able to do this. So that was kind of awesome and worthy of a star in my opinion.Durability on this is in question still, as I've only had them a week.I really wanted to like these and keep them. They have serious potential. But overall I'm really disappointed with these and will be sending them back. I really wanted to keep them, because I like that it can read a signal from the distances in the house, and that they're comfortable and have kick ass battery life. But if it can't consistently hold a sound, and cuts out randomly with crinkly noises, they aren't worth keeping and that's disappointing."		
4	:	"The company reached out to me about my original review which has never happened to me before, and they sent a replacement without asking thinking it was a defect. Thanks for being concerned and so generous. The replacement still sounds the same as the original one, but since I've tested it a lot longer I'll try to revise the review. Starting with the pros: Build quality is good. It's a matte plastic, which doesn't appear to scratch easily and the headphones are decently constructed. The volume is pretty loud. Battery life is great. They are very light and comfortable. Bluetooth worked flawlessly. It was easy to connect and the connection was very stable, seeming to work even across the house! It has some nice extra features like the carrying pouch and the auxiliary jack for when you don't want to use your battery. The headphones have a good amount of adjustability and can fold very easily. Here are the only cons I have so far: the audio quality is disappointing. It's between good and okay, but not as good as I expected since some cheaper earbuds sound slightly better, but sometimes the headphones really can't handle certain music. The bass is adequate, but I expected a little more for the price, since my cheaper earbuds have more bass. For the most part, it sounds just fine for your listening needs and won't disappoint you like a dollar store pair of headphones, but sometimes when you're listening to certain genres like rock the instruments (especially cymbals) get dense and the headphones don't sound so great anymore. It sounds sharper than it should and hurts your ears. This only affects rock as far as I can tell and only in certain areas of very specific songs, so this isn't a deal breaker and you'll notice it 15% of the time you are using the headphones unless that is what you always listen to. Think: Green Day or any band with very energetic rock songs. The highs are a lot sharper than they should be in general, and the bass preset on my music app is required in order for them to sound normal. The headphones also leak a lot of noise. They aren't noise cancelling, which I don't mind but maybe you will. Overall I would recommend these headphones, but my original review was 3 stars mainly on the basis that my cheaper headphones sounded better, albiet this one has Bluetooth, and the songs I initially listened to were affected by this problem."		
5	:	"Got these 6 months ago and they are still working like a charm. If you're looking for quality headphones under $40, then look no further.Sound:Sound quality is great! If you're one of those people that loves excessive amounts of bass such that your head vibrates, then maybe these aren't the choice for you, but for the rest of normal mankind the bass is adequate.Comfort:They are also super comfortable for long periods of time and don't get hot. I've worn these things for 5+ hours straight at times around my apartment and never got irritated. I also like to wear them while I'm working in a lab (moving around a lot). They don't fall off, yet they still don't feel tight. Though I do have a big head.Battery:I LOVE the battery life on these things! It lasts FOREVER!!! I usually go about a week between charges and I'm a pretty heavy music addict.If I had to say any cons about these headphones it would be the buttons on the side. They work fine, but I would've preferred having additional buttons or a ""double press"" settings instead of having to hold the button down to change things. Other than that, they're great"		
5	:	"These are the best bluetooth headphones I've owned. I love the shape of them, the sound quality is surprisingly clear with a good range, it connected quickly and easily. Battery life is good, as well, and the materials feel sturdy. It's definitely built to last.There are just two minor complaints, enough to make this a 4.5 rather than a full 5:1)  It feels like any ""battery low"" or ""connected"" audio has nothing to do with what you're listening to. It's one, default volume, and that volume is LOUD. It's made me jump more than once.2) It doesn't connect to everything - for instance, I haven't gotten it to connect to my Samsung Chromebook laptop, though my previous pair could."		
5	:	"I wear glasses, this is one of the few headphones that are comfortable for long periods of time with glasses. I am around loud equipment during the day, these seal well enough that I don't need to put on different ear protectors, I can just turn off the music until I'm back in a more quiet area. The controls work well and are intuitive, it would be nice if the power/function button were differentiated better from the volume controls so it would be easier to tell which button is which. Even when I'm not wearing gloves it's hard to distinguish the buttons, with gloves it's nearly impossible."		
5	:	"i decided to try these for the gym after buying numerous 'bud' type headphones that died after a few months and the apple airpods that sound ok, but don't quite fit my ears very well. the sound on these is really great, bass is ample and tight. i don't listen to music that has booming bass like rap or such but some of the rock i listen too has a lot of bass (like MUSE, for instance) and it handles it with ease. they stay on really well when i'm at the gym, and do a pretty good job at cancelling out other noise and music as they play music really loud at my gym. the only complaint i have is that they do get hot and i'm wondering how the moisture from sweating will affect them down the road. but for the price, i think they are a great deal. hopefully, they will last a year or more. i've only had one set of phones last that long and they were about three times the price."		
5	:	"I love these headphones. They are comfortable for wearing for extended periods of time like watching a movie. The response seems to be pretty flat, as in the treble is not too brassy nor is the bass too boomy, it just has even re-creation of the music which I prefer. I used it first in corded mode for a few weeks till I got my Bluetooth dongle. I charged it up and it lasted about 2 weeks using it for a few hours every night. When it needs a charge, a woman's voice comes on and tells you every few minutes that the battery is low. At first, I thought it was part of the movie I was watching on my PC. It has pretty good Bluetooth range. There is nowhere in the house that I do not get good sound. So I can go to the kitchen for a glass of milk and still enjoy my tunes or podcasts. Pairing and operation are easy. It has a built-in microphone, though I have only used it once when I paired it with my i-phone and a call came through. I just pushed the middle button to answer the call. The forward and back buttons worked with my phone as well"		
4	:	"I just returned a more expensive set of  ANC headphones because of a long sound lag from my TV. These are more comfortable, easy to pair and will pair with two sources at the same time. The sound is good and they are lightweight.So what's wrong? Not the lag because it's almost not noticeable, but about every 15-20 minutes they disconnect and 20 seconds later they reconnect. They do this even when I have disconnected from the other source.The price is good, but not worth keeping because of the disconnect which is more than disconcerting. I really hate to send these back, but I don't see them getting any better.I upgraded my rating because it appears that DISH has a problem with its software which means I can't use them with my TV, but they work well with other devices. Today I received another pair from the seller without me asking...they just read my post. Great service and if these work even better then I'll go to 5 stars."		
5	:	"These headphones are amazing.  I have a pair of Bose that were so expensive I am afraid to use them at the gym so I bought these.  They are phenomenal. sound quality rivals Bose and the Beats my son owns.  Bluetooth works well.  They are super comfortable.  I have worn for two hours at a time while taking an online class.  I have probably used for 4 hours per day on telecons, at the gym, online class, listening to music.  They are great.  dialogue in TV shows and such is clear, work great as phone headset, and music sounds wonderful, especially bass.  The build quality is superior.  Best of all the customer service is amazing.  They sent me a welcome email to ask if everything was going ok.  I was running into a question so email to them and received a response with the correct answer within an hour.  I am definitely buying a second pair for the office."		
4	:	"Great bluetooth headset. However,  bluetooth headsets have the inherent problems that bluetooth comes with - the audio is limited to single channel while using the microphone so it sounds horrendous.  If not using the microphone audio is amazing in stereo at this price point.  However,  I wish this was explicit when buying this item as it does not work as intended - stereo headset with microphone support. In order for a headset to work in such a manner it needs its own usb connector.Update:Is comfortable and sits well on the head.  Company goes out of their way to make sure you are happy with the product."		
4	:	"Well, I ordered this 22 days ago. Comfort-check. Sound-check.  Durability-FAIL. After just 3 weeks, one of the ear pieces popped off and will not go back on.  The ear cushion has a tiny rim of thin, slightly stretchy plastic to try to get it back on there and it just doesn't work. I am frustrated that I spent $30 on these only to have them fall apart in less than a month.UPDATE 7/1/18:The company reached out to me and sent me another pair of headphones, which arrived yesterday. I was also informed that they have a guarantee on their products, which I did not realize.  I am adjusting my rating to 4 stars to reflect the awesome customer service and guarantee. I am not sure how these will hold up yet, but if they do better than the original pair, I will be happy to bump it up to 5 stars.  I will also reiterate that I find these to be very comfortable and I personally like the sound (but I'm not picky on sound quality). I was looking for a pair that wouldn't make my ears hurt (glasses wearer) and these definitely work for that."		
5	:	"Extremely good headset for the price.  Definitely not a $150 headphone, but for the money A) the sound is quite good, B) the battery life is quite good, and the controls/pairing are ""rock-solid"".I initially found this when looking for a headset (I ended-up sticking with my hard-wired headset for Skype).  While this has a mic, it isn't on a ""boom"", so I just use this as headphones.  EXCELLENT value for the money.  There were some comments about not being over-ear, but with my very large head (and perhaps normal sized ears), the cups fit completely over my ears.  Maybe some people have much bigger ears? :-)"		
5	:	"But, wow I am having a really hard time connecting to my bluetooth adapter. Connects fine to android phone and fire stick. When it does connect to the computer, it cuts in and out. Tried reinstalling drivers. Moved adapter to different ports. Bought several adapters. Same result. Will update if I find a solutionUPDATE- What great customer service! Originally a 2 star review, I upped the rating due to the fact that they sent me a new pair. Alas, I have the same dilemma. Work fine with phone, tablet, fire stick and vlc player. But when I stream from my pc, they cut out. I've tried multiple Bluetooth adapters and multiple ports. I guess I'll stick to my mxcder pair. All other headphones work. Pretty weird."		
5	:	I enjoy these headphones and would recommend them as a cost effective alternative to the big brands!		
5	:	"This review is for the Mpow H1 headphones, which I got for around $30, and I think have an excellent value/price ratio compared to leading heaphones in the $20-$100 range, including lower end Seinheisers and Audio-TechnicasPros:1.) Excellent sound quality for the price (equivalent to models double it's price)2.) Very comfortable2.) Ability to switch between wired (no battery use) and wireless mode3.) Good bluetooth range4.) Long battery life (like really long... haven't exhausted it yet)Cons (all minor):1.) Can make the ears hot (i's like wearing ear-muffs, but this will be true of ANY over-the-ear headphone with good isolation)2.) Long-press vs short press button function reversed from the standardI compared these to some lower end Seinheiser headphones (HD 202 ~$60), and a couple really cheap headphone sets ($10). These were way better than the cheap ones in terms of sound quality. I couldn't really tell a difference between these and the Seinheisers as far as sound quality goes. They do sound different though (soundstage is different, and there's a little more bass). I am pretty happy. I'm not an audiophile, but I had a pair of lower end Audio-Technicas (~$70, not sure which model but probably the M20x, M40x or similar) for a few years that I loved. I lost them, and I got the Mpow H1 to replace them. I love the Mpow. Feature wise it definitely beats the Audio-Technica and Seinheisers with it's wired/wireless modes. The Mpow's are also more comfortable then the Seinheisers, and similar to the Audio-Technicas (I believe - can't compare directly since they're lost). My only complaint is a short press on the buttons skips or fast forwards, whereas a long press changes the volume. This is a weird choice, and is opposite the way most wireless headphones work. Also, I can't wear them outside on a warm day because they make my ears to hot. This will obviously be the same with any close-back over-the-ear headphones, though, especially if the have good sound isolation."		
4	:	"Sound ok for the price, broke in 2 months of regular use, one of the ear cushions  came off and have no way of putting it back on, the seller asked me to send a photo of it, I do not know how to send photo on amazon???s messaging system. It???s cheaply made, you get what you pay for I guess.Update 7-18-2018After read my review seller sent me new set of headphones, service isn???t bad, hope this one lasts."		
5	:	"These are great. Love going for runs in these. They are super comfy, hold to my head firmly but not too firm to give me a headache. Sound quality is great. And the best part is I have been using them at the gym for a few hours here and there and it has been almost three weeks now and I haven't needed to recharge them. The battery retains a lot of life even if you are not actively jamming with them.So the one thing that you'll need to get used to is that there are just three buttons on the outside ear cover. One is for power (in the middle) and the two outside buttons move tracks forward or backward. If you want to adjust for volume, the solution I go with is to tweak it on my phone. But the function for it on the ear is to hold down longer on one of the outer buttons to bump it down or up. But that is kinda hard to do while running. I just end up skipping or replaying a track every time, so it would have been nice if the design deployed a small dial or two other small buttons but like I said you'll get used to it. The quality is worth the value."		
5	:	"This was SO worth the $35 price tag! Not only is it SO comfortable, but the sound is AMAZING! Entirely noise cancelling, super soft ear pads, and great range and bass. I got a double helix and tragus piercing, so I couldn't use earbuds because they need to heal. Using one headphone SUCKS so I just bit the bullet to search for wireless over the ear headphones and these are SO perfect! Nothing touches my piercings and is JUST what I need to heal them and still use them for my phone, iPad, laptop and at the gym! The black is mat and the traveling bag is SO nice and great quality!"		
4	:	"These are great for phone calls and listening to music. I have a problem listening to TV or movies as the sound tends to drop out completely when the is a quiet spot in the show. I use them with the Mpow [G-2] Bluetooth 4.1 Transmitter/Receiver when listening to my smart TV (which isn't smart enough to have its own Bluetooth connection) so using these headphone through that Transmitter/Receiver may be the cause of the problem. I haven't had that sound drop out problem when using these headphones with my computer, iPod or iPhone which doesn't need the Mpow [G-2] Bluetooth 4.1 Transmitter/Receiver as they each have built-in Bluetooth.Other things I like about these headphones are that are light in weight, have good battery life, are comfortable to wear for extended periods of time and recharge easily. I would give them 5 stars if I could use them with my TV and not have the sound dropout problem. If I can figure out whether it's the H1 or the G-2 Bluetooth 4.1 transmitter/receiver I'll change my review."		
2	:	"Three buttons don't work right, try to turn the thing on and play my MP3 from my android, and it wants to turn off or goes into pairing mode. I just want to listen to my music, always have to go through this BS. Mow lawns, it blocks outside noise poorly, try to turn the sound up or down and it changes tracks, and who the hell knows  what the battery level is. You'd think they could have add'ed a couple more buttons, like it's own volume button, long type, up on one side, down on the other, and some kind of battery indicator. Would have sent this back but I was too buzzy. Don't know how this got all the stars but I'm getting pretty sick of throwing money away on Chinese garbage like this. Will not recommend"		
4	:	"All in all these are very nice headphones and especially at their price point.  I've been using them at work for a couple of months now and they still look brand new.  So far I haven't had any BT issues with my iPhone 8+ and they work from the cable input as well.My only nitpick would be that the headphones *requires* a THIN 3.5mm stereo jack or it won't completely seat into the socket.  Kind of a poor design here since they don't include a cable.  I managed to find one on Amazon so it wasn't a big deal.Audio quality isn't stellar and but it's surprisingly good -- and this goes for using either connection method.PS.  For those looking for a small, compact solution then look elsewhere.  Despite the semi-folding design they're still quite bulky."		
1	:	"At first I loved these headphones. They felt great, the sound quality was good, and they paired quickly and easily. However, 5 months into owning them the left speaker has stopped working. I guess I should have had low expectations due to the low price, but those expectations should be tied to sounds quality and fit. Not whether or not something will break quickly. I guess ???you get what you pay for??? applies to all aspects of this product."		
1	:	"I got this in December, and by April, one side stopped working. It doesn???t matter how good or bad it sounds if I can only listen from one side. And I couldn???t even get it returned or repaired because the dates for that had passed. I didn???t drop it or get it wet or anything, I treated it carfully because I DID NOT want that exact thing to happen. I recommend buying something else."		
5	:	"5 Stars so far.  Great price, great comfort and easy to use.One note for anyone else.  I had no trouble pairing these with my phone and laptop.  However it took most of a day to pair them with my desktop PC that uses a USB/Bluetooth adapter.  In the end the thing that worked was to (a) uninstall the adapter and all associated software (this included drivers and bluetooth software found in add/remove programs.  (b) Restart the computer with the USB adapter in place.  This installed the Generic Bluetooth Adapter instead of the CSR Stack that was there before."		
5	:	"I???ve used these quite a few times while working out and I???m pretty satisfied. They???re not noise canceling but the sound quality is great and the volume goes up loud enough for my liking (my ears my regret that later). They have received the audio engineering boyfriends seal of approval as well. Really super product for such a low price!The only two cons are that these seem to have been made for a larger head. They are adjustable but even at the smallest setting they are a smidge too big for me. I do mostly lifting in the gym so it???s not a problem, but these would have to come off any time i wanted to do sprints or HIIT. In addition, the part that goes over your ear is not that large. It fits me comfortably, but does not entirely cover my boyfriends ears.I definitely recommend these."		
4	:	"I have two of these headsets.  I use them occasionally.  Overall I am quite pleased.  I just wore one set for about 12 hours and found them to be better than many other headsets I have used for that period of time.The controls are not bad once you get used to the.  I id have one ear pad come off of the mount.  I will have to try and remove the mount and reattach.  It seems that some others have had the same problem.If you are trying to pair this, or any other headset, with a fire tv box I have had the best results placing it right next to the fire tv box.  Sometimes I have to unplug the power from the fire tv box and then try pairing again."		
5	:	"Very happy with this product! Headphones fits comfortably and are very lightweight. Has great sound quality and the microphone is crystal-clear. Hopefully these headphones are more durable than the headphones that they replace. Old unit headband cracked from normal use because it was plastic.Mpow Bluetooth Headphones Over Ear, Hi-Fi Stereo Wireless Headphones, Comfortable for Wearing, Wired and Wireless Headphones, Built-in Mic Foldable Headset for PC/ Cell Phones"		
3	:	"Lasted 2 weeks  Audio quality was ok, as expected for the price  But then, one channel died without  warning after just 2 weeks of light use.  Returning, hope I get a refund ????UPDATE:  Replacement is working fine after several weeks.  Yay."		
5	:	"Thought that I had left my Pioneer ($129.99) headphones at the gym several weeks ago, so I decided to go cheap and buy the Mpow H1 headphones.  Man!  What a pleasant surprise!  These were so much better than an older pair of Mppow's that I had a few years back.  In fact, I prefer them to my Pioneer's (which I found two days ago in my Daughter's car?)They are by far, more comfortable.. and the Pioneer's were not uncomfortable.  The sound quality is also superior.. cleaner, with a very full range with solid low's, clean mid-range, and perfect high's.Even though my Pioneer's were found, the Mpow HI's have become my fav!"		
4	:	"Mine arrived with a loose part rattling around in one side.  Sound quality in that ear seems a bit off.  Naturally I'm leaving the country for two weeks tomorrow.  Not cool.6/16/18 Update:Mpow sent me a replacement after seeing my review here.  The replacement set has a better built quality (no rattling parts) and the sound is correct.  Unfortunately I didn't have the headset in time for my trip, but I've updated the review from 3 stars to 4 because they did reach out to me and the new headset works."		
4	:	"Doesn't seem to have drivers support to connect to Bluetooth on PC. Turning them off is a bit harsh with the lots voice commands. Otherwise, good headphones. Very comfortable and sound is good. I love the cushion and the soft material.Although, after about a month I noticed that the sound was really bad when I connected it to my computer. I tried other headphones to make sure it wasn't my computer but the other ones sounded good. I tried another cable to connect them and it turns out that the cable that came with the headphones is trash. The aux cable I had from a few years ago made the headphones sound just as good as it does on bluetooth mode with my phone. If you buy these, make sure you have another high quality aux cable as well."		
4	:	"I???ve had these for about a week. I really like them. I???ve worn them for hours at a time watching Netflix on my iPad, or listening to music and podcasts. They???re super-comfortable, if warm after a while, like almost every over-hear headphones I???ve had. They pair easily and have great sound for the price.The only downwside for me is that earlier, I was listening to music on my iPhone and there was a noticable, persistent stutter in playback. I found out after trying to use my ipad that they were paird to it was well. Unpairing from my iPad fixed the stutter with the iPhone playback. This is a minor issue that I???m not terribly concerned with aside from finding out exactly what the problem was. Simply, I???ll disconnect from one before listening on another.I???ve recommended these to friends if they???re in the market for BT headphones. I use them more than my Bose wired headphones. The sound quality isn???t as good, but for my ears, it???s close enough???and close enough to be worth it for wireless + affordability. Would definitely buy again."		
5	:	"Really like these Mpow H1's. Using them just for music so far. Sound quality is very good  - rich, full, plenty of bass for me  (I'm not a bass boost lover). Fairly light, fit my big head pretty comfortably, all that cushion makes them a little warm on the ears. Very good isolation too - ambient noise is largely cancelled.Charged them up, pressed the power button for a few seconds, and they paired easily with my PC Bluetooth. I found I could get about 30' away in line of sight space, but at that distance walls and such will make them break up.Can't say how long on a charge - been using them a few days for an hour here, an hour there, and they're still going.Easy controls, nice sound, all on all, really good value."		
5	:	"Sometimes you take a gamble. You see bargains on here. They offer a product packed with premium features for a bargain price. They usually have silly, nonsensical, ""Engrish"" names - like Mpow. But rarely do these items prove to be anymore than a cheap imitation. Simply stated, these things are amazing. They sound great, have amazing battery life, have great range, and sounds d terrific for the human spoken word, ie voice chat. The one thing that isn't surprising is the terrible, horrible microphone quality. Do not expect to use the microphone and get terrific quality. That said, I have yet to be satisfied with any Bluetooth microphone quality - even from the stereo system of a luxury car they're all garbage these headsets are a terrific buy!"		
5	:	"I work in an office and have a noisy cubicle partner who bangs on her keyboard constantly, so I Bought these to block out the noise of her. They work great! Sound is great. Only complaint I have is that the volume buttons are hard to use when adjusting sound. You gotta hold in the buttons for like 2 or more seconds in order to adjust the volume, otherwise the songs will skip to the next song. They hold a good charge so far. Comfortable to wear. Overall, happy buyer!"		
5	:	I have always had problems with any form of headphones until I found this! These Headphones are a dream come true. No pain and I've worn them for hours at a time. The have a large cup that goes around the entire ear rather than resting on them They can be either blue tooth or use a corded. Call comes in while you're using them and poof you're connected. I haven't had any complaints from people I've spoken to so the mic must be pretty good too although i don't know where its hidden. Highly recommended!		
4	:	"This product is great!  Its my second Mpow product and they definitely deliver awesome value and quality.I am using the headphones for gaming.  They are wireless, and NOT sound cancelling.  I need to be able to hear whats going on in my house besides the game im currently playing, so these are perfect.  Also great for cleaning and doing chores around the house/ cutting the grass and doing work outdoors.My only slight issue with the product is i sometimes have connectivity issues when first starting up.  For example, ill turn these on, they instantly pair with my computer, but then when i open a game client they get no sound.  Its takes a little tampering with but it might be the crappy bluetooth USB dongle im using.  Just ordered a newer, higher quality PCIe bluetooth adapter.  That should help!"		
5	:	"I do freelance transcription and when my trusty headset died I wanted to cry because I didnt have the money to buy a really good headset. I borrowed my sons headphones which were nothing short of a headache, but the sound quality was enough to get me through with some of my more difficult audio files.Let me just say choosing this headset was the best thing I could have done! I was weary because I mean come on who isn't a little sketch when they order something online, especially when you desperately need it to work?I've been wearing this headset for nearly two days straight, other than charging it out of the box its gone on like a champ! Clear audio for both voices and music! I can hear people muttering in the background better than ever.The blue tooth range in this thing is amazing. I've walked all over my house without so much as a flicker in my audio which I couldnt even get with my 200$ headset!Comfort level, I wear glasses so this is almost always an issue for me with over the ear headsets. No issue with these whatsoever. I can wear them for hours without feeling any discomfort at all. They don't bother me with my glasses, and I dont swear to death with them on.The noise cancelling isn't quite as good, but its more than sufficient to block out most noise so you can focus on whatever your listening to. I live with family and some of them are a little on the death side so the TV is always up pretty high. I can only hear it because of paper thin walls and my rooms is right behind the living room tv.  But they're certainly good enough that I dont hear my phone right next to me ringing while I'm transcribing.All in all worth ever penny I paid for these things! I only wish I'd found them sooner!"		
5	:	I have several Mpow products and this headset is also a great quality and value product!  I use it around the house and even while mowing and yard work.  I like that I can take it on trips and use it either alone or with the on-board entertainment system.  There are headsets at double or triple the price with a little better quality sound and deeper bass but overall this headset is great!  Highly recommend!		
5	:	"When I ordered these headphones, I seriously couldn't wait until I had them in my hands. Man, I wasn't disappointed. The instructions state that you have to charge the battery when you want to use it for the first time. So, I did. After that, I paired it with my cell phone.And oh, my god. The first thing I did was load up, ""Right Now"" by Korn. A really bassy song. I wasn't disappointed. Then I loaded up ""Comfortably Numb"" by Pink Floyd. It brought to life one of my favorite songs by Pink Floyd. After that, I went onto YouTube to view some videos. All I can say is that if I could give these headphones any more stars, I could. Every penny was worth it."		
5	:	"The sound quality of these headphones is better than most other Bluetooth headsets of similar design that I have tried.  The oversized earpieces provide a moderate amount of isolation but still allow you to hear traffic, etc.  Though these are not the lightest headphones on the market, they are very comfortable due to the padding provided.  The controls are simple to operate and the buttons are well spaced so that they are easily identified by touch.  These headphones paired instantly with an iPhone 7.  The range of volume and the sound quality produced are significantly above average. Overall, these headphones have exceeded my expectations, especially considering the price."		
5	:	"Lightweight over the ear headphones.  I enjoy listening to books and these are the most comfortable headphones I own and I have several.  They stay in place allowing me to accomplish many tasks while listening, have an excellent range, easy to adjust and so light you forget that you are wearing them.  The only thing that is awkward is the on/off signal, it doesn???t give a clear visual signal that it has gone off, only audio and I usually shut off after removing them (hardly a serious defect). I wish they used a slide button instead of a push."		
4	:	"Ok, the Mpow H1 headphones are not bad by any means, but most of the problems are with the sound and not with the  headphones themselves. The sound is almost overly crisp, where the bass is pretty much non-existent, so not good for genres like rock and hip/hop. One design fail, is the wires come out of the headphones and make them feel cheap like they're going to break at anytime, so they will probably break very quickly if you cannot take extremely good care of them. Also, if you like to fold them up that may be a factor. One other complaint, the headphones are very comfortable BUT they make your ears feel very hot without long use, so that is a problem. One good thing, the company I got these headphones from have one of the best customer service responses I've ever had. After returning this particular product, they actually sent me a pair of the Mpow 059 which are so much better! Thanks for that guys!"		
5	:	"Do not let the price point scare you... These $35 MPOW H1's are a steal at that price. The sound is fantastic. They come extremely close to my Sony MDR7506 headphones, but without the wire! The fit is comfortable, and at just over 6 oz, they don???t cause fatigue. In other reviews I???ve heard complaints about having to press and hold the center (call/power) button for 4 seconds which enters pairing mode, then release and press it for another 4 seconds to power off. I have found that if you just press and hold the button for about 6 seconds, you will hear the ???Disconnected??? announcement(s) followed by the ???Pairing???, then the ???Power off??? announcements. These headphones also allow you to pair two devices AT THE SAME TIME! Though you cannot listen to music from both of those devices at the same time. Whichever media stream starts first, that is what you will hear. However, when the first stream stops, if the seconds device is still streaming, you will start hearing that. They did this so (as I plan to do) you can pair it to one device for your music (which would be my laptop) and pair it to the second device for phone calls. I???m considering buying a second pair, so I can have a pair on each floor of my house. Yes??? They are that good."		
5	:	"These are VERY comfortable to wear, we have tried many headphones and these don't pinch or smash the ear area. These keep out sound to the point that you have to stand next to the person and speak loudly to get their attention... not a good thing if you don't know they are wearing them. My kids use them for audio books, or doing computer work. They covers all of the ear. Even for adults. We use them daily and they are sturdy, we like that you can use the wire that is included or go wireless with blue tooth. The carrying case is a nice bonus also. Worth the money, although the price was great too."		
5	:	"First of all, the value on this thing is great! The only other contender in this pricepoint is the 059. The sound quality is great, much better than you'd expect, and they are pretty comfortable, sounds like all of the things one would look for in a headphone for travellingThe size is ok, haven't really tried the mic, blocks off sound rather wellThere is one But thoughCons:The weird button layout, my friend has a 059 and it has a pretty straightforward button setup, but this, the H1 only has 3 buttons, so some buttons do 2 things e.g. next track and volume up. One of the worst offenders is the power button, which is also the pairing button, that one button so far is mildly annoying, when I try to turn it off it goes into pairing mode, that is pretty annoying, but I'll get used to it?Will see if I get the hang of it, if not then I guess I will have to return it, because small things like these sometimes drive me nutsPs.The company doesn't disappoint, they got in touch with me and sent me a pair of the 059s at no cost"		
5	:	"Headphones work great for 10 year old and adult.  They feel super comfortable and seem well made (I like the stitching!). I'm no audiophile, but watching TV shows with it was a pleasure. Really surprised how long the battery for BT lasts."		
5	:	"I love these headphones, they're very comfortable, the sound quality is decent, and the range is great as well.  However, in just slightly over 3 months of medium usage they no longer retain a charge.  They work just fine if you plug it into anything that can give it a charge, but the moment you disconnect it, it dies.  I would give this probably a 4 (if not a 5), but for around $38 I would expect it to last at least a year.Update:  I'm changing this to a 5-stars as the customer service is amazing with this company.  They were willing to go the extra mile in making sure that I had a working product.  If and or when I plan on purchasing any new Bluetooth headphones, I'll continue purchasing through this company."		
5	:	"Sound is good but I was hoping they'd be a bit morenoise cancelling from other noises.UPDATE - This seller was kind enough to send me replacement earphones. The new ones are much quieter and much more comfortable. They also have very good sound.I use them primarily to listen to podcasts, training videos, etc and not looking for high quality stereo sound. But when I'm listening to these things, they truly tune out any other noises such as my husband watching TV in the other room which was a huge distraction for me. Also, I can listen to them and not have him interject when I'm trying to learn.The new headphones are a hit!"		
4	:	"I picked these up right before another color went on sale for $7 less, so I'm a little irked by that, but overall I can't be mad.  They don't have the refinement I'd expect from higher priced alternatives, but they do the job and are a great upgrade for someone looking for a little virtual isolation in a loud-ish work space.Pro:Good sound quality. Coming up from some pretty cheap gear, this are definitely in a better tier of quality. I'm not huge on bass, but these have a strong bass presence I don't find overwhelming.Decent passive noise reduction - blocks white noise well, and makes it easy to ignore nearby office chatter.The mechanism for folding in the cups is easy and feels like it won't wear out easily.One-button-hold for on/off/pairing was intuitiveNo issues with battery life so farNeutral:Plugging in the audio cable instantly powers them off - preserving battery but limiting featuresCon:Pressure on the ears - I have a large head and large ears, and it's tricky to get these to set so that they're not irritating my ears after a short time.  The description acknowledges you should take them off every couple hours, but I often have to adjust them repeatedly just a few minutes in to find the right angle.Volume controls - dual purpose track change/volume buttons haven't given me the best experience, unintentionally changing tracks or starting over. Volume adjusts in steps that are too large for my preferences, so I'm often left wanting to be halfway between two selectable levels (including when using the paired devices audio up/down buttons).Microphone - might work well in a quiet space, but mild background white noise in my office after everyone was gone (computer fans from other desks) made my caller think I was driving on speakerphone. I could never get away with using these to take any business calls or join meetings."		
5	:	"I love these headphones! I upgraded to these from the 059 and don't have any regrets. The leather on the headband is softer. It also stretches to fit my big head a little easier too. I can listen to these for hours on end and now feel like I'm being squeezed. I love the material on the ear pads too. A little thinner than the 059, but extremely comfortable. The sounds quality is really good too! I've made a few voice calls and facetime calls with them, and the person on the other end has been able to hear me just fine.I love these headphones and am very impressed with the customer service. I'm a lifetime customer with no regrets!!"		
5	:	Use these six days a week in the gym. Comfortable...almost forget they are on. Recommend highly and would buy again.Battery life is great. Usually charge after 3 or 4 days. I workout for 2-3 hours a day and sweat...a lot. No problem with these since 3/18 purchase. I generally throw them on the passenger seat and just charge on the short drive to and from gym. Sound quality seems very good and drown out the crap the gym plays. If they die I'll buy another but they are going strong.Wrote this a while ago and never submitted. Still going strong with 2 cross country trips in the car added. Still THROW these on the passenger seat everyday and still holding up and look new.. 11/30/18		
5	:	I am really pleased with these headphones.  They are light and comfortable and sound great.  I did have to update the audio drivers in my laptop to get the base to come in but that was the laptop no the earphones.  All in all love them		
5	:	"****EDITED REVIEW***(08/30/18)--I received an email from seller that it's possible I may have been sent a defective pair of headphones. They shipped another pair, at no charge. I did not expect this and think that was great on the sellers part. I can not say whether the new pair will have the same cracking/peeling issue. I don't plan on using them until my initial pair stop working. As I stated in my original review, that issue did not interfere with the functionality, only appearance. They power up quickly, connect right away, and lasts as long as I need them to. I have changed my original 3 stars to 5 due to the excellent customer service response.When I begin using the replacement pair, I will follow up this review with an update. *********(Original)The sound quality is great for the price point. I've had these for nearly a month. I wear them a few times a week for about 3-4 hours at a time. With most over-the-head headphones, I will start to feel them smashing my earlobes after a while, but they are still comfortable. If I was wearing them longer, I may not be able to say that.The only complaint I have is the material is cracking/flaking/peeling off(???) on one side. Not sure what is causing it or why, but it doesn't seem to interfere with playback. Hopefully it doesn't cause the earphone to peel off.The controls work perfectly and are placed exactly where they can be accessed easily.I have not used these for phone calls so I can not say how the microphone works. I've only used to listen to music/audiobooks and I can hear what I am listening to without any interference.I would give 4 stars if not for the issue with the cracking/peeling issue. (See photo)"		
5	:	"This Mpow headphone is extremely well built, I can't imagine that anything would every break. Both the sound quality and the battery life are excellent. I have an external blue tooth transmitter connected to my TV set's audio output and the Mpow headphone easily connects to the transmitter and the sound works great, sound quality is excellent. If I turn up the TV volume (which I never do normally) the bluetooth audio is slightly delayed from the audio on the TV speakers. But the delay is so slight that I cannot tell there is one when I view the moving lips of whoever is talking on the TV. My only mild complaints are: (1) the strong, spring steel inside the very nice leather headband makes the unit sit a little too tightly on my head. For an hour or two it's not a problem, but for anything longer I begin to get fatigue from it, and (2) it has only a plus and a minus button for turning volume up and down and the response from using them is a little touchy. Note that I went to a couple of retailers and tried out numerous other common brands and models and found nothing under $150 that was as good as this unit. Unless you want to spend a lot more don't hesitate to buy this headphone."		
5	:	"I saw the great reviews and had to try these headphones.  I generally use Bluedio $180 headphones but I find myself using these more and more. Certainly the sound does not even come close to the Bluedio. The sound is acceptable for the price range though no static.  I actually forget they are on.  The weight, or lack of, is the amazing feature on these headphones.  I like to sit in a recliner and listen to a book or music, these are so comfortable I easily fall asleep.  Considering the price and the comfort, these are a great second pair that is quickly becoming my first pair."		
5	:	"So far I have used these headphones solely with my HP laptop (music, podcasts).I bought a pair of Monoprice 108323 headphones on Amazon 2 years ago. The sound was ok for $22 but they became rather uncomfortable after wearing them for an hour or so. Finally in the summer of '18 the plastic headband broke so I began looking for a new pair. At under $35, I couldn't be happier with the Mpow H1 Bluetooth Headphones.These are everything the Monoprice set was not. Very comfortable, I can wear them all night and forget I have them on. The sound quality is a distinct improvement as well. The highs tended to sound a bit shrill in the Monoprice, but they are crisp & clean with the Mpow H1. Mids have warmth as opposed to getting lost in the Monoprice. The bass is fine enough considering the price.Being that I wasn't looking to spend a lot of money, I wasn't too concerned with getting bluetooth headphones but I'm so glad I did. The Mpow H1's seem to hold a charge very well, and you can always go back to the cord is you run out of juice.All in all, I'm very happy with the Mpow H1.. It's only been 2 months so time will tell in terms of durability but for the sound quality, comfort and bluetooth capability these have been a superb choice at $35."		
2	:	"A good product when it???s in working condition. First the good. The sound quality is very good for the price. My kids have beats and Bose headphones. I always prefer bose to beats. I???d say sound quality wise these are on a par with the beats. The battery life is great. I use them when I work out. its been almost three weeks, four times a week, one hour each time. I am still on the first charge. And they seem to have 80% juice left. They are also very comfortable. Great for workout.  Even though they are not noise cancellation type they do a good job isolating me from the surroundings.Now my main complain is the build quality. One of the spongy cups that go over the ears came off all of a sudden. Don???t know how. Hopefully it???s just an issue with this set. I am going to have to return them."		
5	:	"Wow, these are the best headphones I've ever had.  I refuse to buy the high priced ones (I'm Scottish).  These last for days.  I use them to watch tv and they automatically hook up to my phone and the tv.  If I get a call I can push a button to answer it without knowing where my phone is.  Haven't figured out how to switch back to tv when I hang up, but I'm sure it's possible.  These cover my ears and feel comfortable for hours.  I love that I can walk around the downstairs and still hear the tv.  The ear cushions fold in so this takes up little space.  It gets loud enough that I can hear and understand what is being said on tv, but the music is not good at all."		
3	:	"Really in love with these headphones when I first started using them, got them on a recommendation from a friend. They don't really do much to cancel noise, but they are VERY soft and easy to wear for hours at a time. They fit well over my ears. I like that I can advance/stop/reverse the song playing by the buttons on the earpiece, but there's no volume control. Got them in July, they broke in November- just 4 months. The left side headphone stopped producing sound. I took it apart to find out what the issue was (thinking I could repair a loose wire pretty easily, my husband works on electronics) only to find the inside of the thing is really poorly put together. The wire leading into the headphone earpiece is tied in a knot to prevent it from being overextended when the ear piece flexes (which is a really bad design, wires should not be tied in knots and then used as doorstops, you're asking for trouble). We couldn't find tools to take apart the arm of the headphones to check the other side for problems, so we ended up having to just throw them in the trash. Anyway, wouldn't buy them again after seeing the inside of them."		
5	:	"Great headphones for the price. I bought these after returning another pair (different brand) that sounded terrible and was a little more expensive.  I guess I am somewhat of an audiophile.  I am a sound tech for a church and enjoy good sound.  I was very pleasantly surprised at the sound quality.  The lows, midrange and highs were very  well balanced. I am a child of the 70s and 80s classic rock era so I like my music hard driving and loud.  These headphones do not dissapoint in that area also.  They are lightweight and comfortable to wear.  I workout with them, work around the house, and use them at church when I remotely adjust individual band members on our mixing board via an Mpow Bluetooth transmitter.I basically wanted a cheaper pair of multipurpose headphones and these more than fit the bill.  Overall an excellent product for the price that I would highly recommend."		
5	:	What I like is the battery life is amazing. Connecting to my samsung galaxy s7 was quick and easy. They fit perfectly over my ears and I have some what big ears. I love when I listen to music I can't hear anyone or really anything going on around me (not even on the highest the volume setting). I made calls and I read the complaints but everyone I call hears me fine I just have a hard time hearing myself. I walked through my entire 1 story house and even into the basement and didn't lose connection as my phone remained in my room on my charger (not until I went outside down my drive way did it start to break-up). Its the third day since I got these and charged them when I got them but haven't since and it's still on a full charge. The only problem I could see with these is when it gets to be summer they'll make your ears sweat but if that's a problem you can turn the on full blast and it'll sound like a mini stereo.		
3	:	"These headphones worked well for a while ??? good sound quality, pretty sturdy build, blocked outside noise really well. But now when you try to listen to anything with them, it either only works on the left side of the headphones, or it sounds like you're in a wind tunnel and nothing else is heard now. No music. No podcasts. Just a sound that mimics wind blowing. Really, really disappointed and frustrated.UPDATE: Kudos to Patozon. I'm upgrading my review from one star to three after they saw this review and quickly sent out a replacement. So far, so good. If the new pair continues to do well, I will upgrade the review again."		
2	:	"Unfortunately, I will be returning these headphones. While they make work for some people, they did not work for me.Pros: comfortable and good sound quality when listening to music.Cons:The phone call/microphone did not work. I tried calling on my Iphone 7 and the person on the other end complained of an insistent and loud ringing noise. I then tried calling on Factime and there was a similar sound and a white noise sound. We performed a variety of tests, me moving away from the phone, standing still, moving my head back and forth, and just taking the headphones off and leaving them on the opposite side of the room from myself. In all of these tests the person on the other end still heard the sounds. The only time they didn't hear the noise was when I called them from my computer on Facebook Messenger. Since one of the reasons I wanted to use the headphones was to call people, these were completely inefficient.Also, they look really bulky and a bit ridiculous on. If you are looking for something more streamlined this is not the headset for you."		
5	:	"Pros: great headphones in terms of sound quality; fit well on my head and ears; adjustable; soft, cushioned band; good volume for calls, which is saying something because my phone is weird.Con: although they fit well on my head, I can't move too much in them as they are a bit loose, but I like them like that because usually over-the-ear headphones cause my ears to hurt, but with these, it takes hours before my ears ache. And by too much, I mean, they wouldn't be ideal for athletic use.I have yet to try the bluetooth function; I've just been plugging them in like regular headphones. No real complaints so far."		
5	:	"I love these headphones. While I'm not an audiophile, I think the quality is great and they are definitely pretty noise cancelling (I often can't hear people trying to talk to me, for better or worse lol). The sound quality on phone calls is also good, just the same as without a headset. They are comfortable and adjust well. The controls are helpful and work well. I like that they automatically power off after 10 min if you turn off Bluetooth on your phone or computer. I have noticed the range on my MacBook is pretty limited though. Also you can have it connected to two devices at once but I've noticed it really decreases the quality. Additionally, while the battery lasts a SUPER long time, the battery indicator that it shows on my phone is not accurate. I don't know if that's more of an issue with my phone though (Google pixel 2). I charge it every three or four days regardless though, so it's not a big deal. Bottom line, this is a great product and a great value."		
5	:	"Purchased this item as I wanted decent performing Bluetooth headphones without paying too much.  Will be using these at work and outside, so the chances of damaging them are high.  I have to say that after using for a week, I am more than happy with them.  I previously had a pair from another manufacturer which I paid about the same price, but these are much more superior in the audio performance and along with syncing much easier.  These are a great value, cannot beat the performance for the price paid.  I am happy with my purchase and would do it again at this juncture."		
5	:	"Reasonably good sound and easy to use. I have another set f headphones of another brand that cost $80 on Amazon that are a real pain to ""pair"" with the bluetooth device. These Mpow headphones charge up fast and last hours, never ran out of power yet in an evening. They are a little clumsy on the head, but for the price, what the heck and they are better than my more costly, lighter and petulant other set. Sound is very good.***About 2 weeks ago one of the ear pads came off and I contacted the vendor and sent a picture...Yesterday the replacement pair arrived.  This vendor ROCKS! Stands behind his business.."		
5	:	"Best sounding headphones I've owned since early 80's. Sound has great balance across the low-high/bass-treble range. Comfortable. Instantly connect. Great range. Long, long battery life. It does take awhile to ""loosen up"" the fit, but that's to be expected - you don't want to start with loose headphones. haven't used them to receive a call and maybe never will. Disappointment?  Can't wear these when mowing yard, they're just not able to win the battle with mower noise and they do make you feel a little too warm. (However, I did test the sound while mowing when it was over 90 degrees so that might not be fair.)"		
5	:	"Update after a week:Very great  customer service. I received a new headset sent by the seller.As I said in my previous updated comment, the headphone I got first was getting better and now it is working fine.  I think one of the reasons it didn't work well at the beginning was because the headphone had not powered on since it got manufactured.  The new headphone doe't have the problem .I am really greatful.UPDATE:After using it for 2 days, it is getting better. And getting less cut out and buzzes. I may update if anything wrong happens again. I hope al the problem  I experienced on the first day is just something that happens in its new use.......................original comment:at first, after seeing all these comments, I thought this is going to be a really good headset AND I was really excited.  I don't have any requirements on size or anything else for headphones if it can deliver the sound without any problem.I am not sure if this is the defect only on the one I bought or on all Mpow H1 headsets, BUT there is a huge problem on the sound.I just received my headset 2 hours ago, and pairing, design everything is Great. BUT after I tried to play a song, I found that there is kind of muddy noisy sound along with the music. Moreover, they do not have a consistent sound. The music keeps having a crinkle sound or the song will outright cut out for a split second. At first, I thought it is the problem on my phone so I tried on other devices, yet nothing changed. I even tried with the movies, Yet the sound keeps cutting out."		
2	:	The headphones seemed great when I first ordered them. I'm glad I bought the extended warranty though. About 5 months after the purchase one side of the headphones broke. The plastic piece above where the ear phone connects to the band part just snapped. They were well taken care of and not mistreated at all. Going through the warranty process was a pain! It took over a month to get my refund. I will not be ordering this brand or from this company again.		
5	:	"These headphones are incredibly comfortable!  Every bit is designed to be soft and flexible.  They are so light to wear that my head never gets tired with them on - a huge improvement over the mostly plastic headphones I owned previously.  I mostly use them to listen to audiobooks while doing chores around the house and the sound quality is good (I'm not an audiophile so not super picky about that).  The range is good and I can walk anywhere in my 1500 sq ft apartment without losing the connection (this leads to me misplacing my phone at times!).  Audio quality is great for phone calls and everyone I've spoken with seems to hear me very well.  I typically only charge the headphones once or twice a week and I use them for 2+ hours a day minimum with no issues.The only downside is that occasionally on long phone calls it'll drop the connection between my phone and headphones for a few seconds before reconnecting, but it is only a minor inconvenience.  I'll also mention that these are not low latency headphones - my attempt to use them to watch tv wirelessly with my amazon firestick did not work (there was a very noticeable lag between the video and audio)."		
5	:	"i got a big head, its hard to find headphones that deliver quality AND comfort, with the plus of being very affordable compared to other wireless options.  These are the bees knees.  the wire-type adjustment is on the outside of the headband, so no more getting your hair pinched or pulled.Only note, my girlfriend said they were almost a little too comfy, and didnt fit as snuggly on her much smaller head.  They stay on just fine on my head, and so comfy you can forget youre wearing them.  sound quality is tops, though i have not tested the microphone."		
5	:	"I use these at work to listen to music or watch videos.  They seem to be constructed of high quality materials.  I like the way the ear pieces attached to the headband - very sturdy.  The battery lasts forever.  I can see the battery level on my phone and it stayed on 100% for a long time, so long that I thought it wasn't functioning, until it dropped today to 90%.  The sound quality, in my opinion, is very good.  Probably not up to Bose or Sony, but we are talking 1/10 of the price.  I wished they made a noise cancelling version for when I fly."		
5	:	"Kid comes home with the 2nd set of headphones from school that he has chewed through the cord. Knowing this isn???t safe, realized I needed to purchase a Bluetooth headset. Contact school IT person and I???m told students can use such for ???regular??? work and tests, but per state requirements he have to use a corded set for standardized testing.Since these headphones have both (wireless with option to use included cord) they suit both needs.Kid likes them so much he???s asked for another pair to have at home. Bought them in September of 2017 and they???re still working nicely."		
2	:	"Not very loud. Uncomfortable for long periods. Battery seems good and the construction quality is nice.UPDATE: While the company that sold these had offered to improve my experience, I remain underwhelmed with the Mpow headphones. The company sent me another pair of headphones that are more expensive with a higher rating to make up for the experience. I tried the H7 headphones and while they are more comfortable than the H1's, the sound quality remains the same. The quality of the build is good and they look nice but that is not the only reason one purchases wireless overear headphones. Great customer service."		
5	:	"I  just finished  using these  while doing the lawn and finally getting around to do a well deserved review after using for over 3 months.  What an awesome product.  Ok Im not an audiophile but I can't imagine the clarity and depth  of  the sound from these babies could be much better  than the Sonos  Bose or others  that cost hundreds  more.  They compare wonderfully with my old venerable, highly rated Koss Portapros.  Even a bit less bassy sound.  They are light and comfortable though perhaps a tad loose on the head at the tightest adjustment .  Pairing  was easy and Battery life has been great.  Range extends a bit  beyond 30 feet"		
5	:	"As an eyeglass wearer, I've used multiple brands and styles of headphones over the years. I have never been able to find something that I could wear for hours on end without issue. The ear cups were usually too then or too soft and they ended up pushing the back of my ear into the frame of my glasses. After a short time, this would start to get rather painful and I had to resort to earbuds or just turn the speakers on.When my Mpow H1's arrived, I was impressed with the aesthetics of them and the packaging immediately. Once I put them on, I knew I had found ""the one"". The pads on the ear cups are thick enough that they're completely suspended away from my ears. There are no pressure points whatsoever and I've been able to wear them all day without any pain at all.On top of all of the comfort bonuses, the bluetooth is fantastic. This is my first wireless headphone and I honestly can't understand why I didn't switch over sooner. Having no cords to worry about getting tangled in my chair or rip the headphones, along with my glasses, off of my head is Heaven sent. The range is excellent as well. I've been able to keep listening to my music or movie while using the restroom across and down the hall.The battery life seems to be great, so far. After initially charging them when first setting them up, I've only had to charge them once every 4 or 5 days. I have nothing but great things to say about these cans."		
5	:	"Perfect! I haven't tried the microphone; I saw other reviewers complained about it. As a headphone, it's fantastic. Besides great sound and easy connectability via Bluetooth or cable, the BATTERY LASTS HOURS! Which is perfect for long days at work and commutes.My one complaint: it takes over your head. Not easy to wear glasses (which I do anyway, by adjusting the band a bit) or iron my hair while wearing it. However, that's only related to this product in general. This specific company? Totally recommend"		
5	:	I was not expecting much. I have tried around 10 Bluetooth headphone in the past month from low end to Bose QC35 which costs 10 times of this one. I landed on this headphone because of the comfort. I have relatively big head and massive ears. This headphone is the only one that does not hurt my ears and my head top. The sound quality is not comparable to Bose but for me comfirt is the most important factor. After that I consider sound quality etc.		
5	:	"I have purchased a lot of cans (headphones) over the past 30 years, some of them in the $200+ range. And these already are one of my favourite sets.All things considered, I don't see how one could get much better of a listening experience spending this much or even 2 or 3 times as much. For the purpose of casual listening, I find them fantastic. I particularly like that using them in wired mode they sounds just as good and powerful as they do in bluetooth mode...I didn't expect to get this much bass and as much of an open soundstage in wired mode as these provide. Many bluetooth speakers and headphones need power to perform at their best, but these cans give me no discernible difference, whether powered or wired. I love that.The build-quality and look&feel of the all-black model I purchased also struck me as very classy. They don't look like a gamer headset (like some headphones at this price level do) but much more like a professional set of cans that I'd have no issue leaving on an expensive mixing console. Whether they provide flat enough of a frequency response to lend themselves to mixing/mastering I cannot yet say, but I doubt that anyone doing serious audio engineering work wouldn't go with a set of industry-standard cans for that purpose, like some AKGs oder Sennheisers...in that arena it's more about ""catering to and hearing what most other people will hear"" than ""making it sound sweet for myself""...these sound very sweet with ample of bass and a full sound-stage.Excellent headphones for the money, even if I had spent 3 times this much."		
5	:	"I normally wouldn't have written a review so quickly after purchasing an audio device, but I was impressed when MPOW replied first thing in the morning after I requested a .pdf of the instructions overnight since those in the box were printed incorrectly and iThe information about the dual purpose controls was omitted,  That was nice.  I really haven't challenged these phones yet since I've only been using them for streaming TV, but they seem to have pretty good sound.  They are really comfortable and well balanced on my head which is what I was looking for when I bought them.  My last pair were heavy and always felt like they might slip off."		
5	:	"Item was received within the expected time frame. Item was packages very well. I experienced no problems getting the Bluetooth to connect. I love the fact that I can walk around in my house and I've not had any problems with the sound getting distorted. That's even going thru a wall and a bathroom door! This item does not have complete noise elimination but does cut it out to my liking. You can still hear your house phone if it was to ring, could still hear if someone was to say your name to get your attention, can still hear if your dogs are barking to alert you. That being said, so that is if you're not blasting your eardrums with whatever you may be listening to!! Lol!!  The quality of the sound is perfect to me. Others may like a deeper thumping bass, that which you would expect with R & B. In my opinion it is very well equalized and clear. I love also being able to watch movies and videos on my tablet, my laptop and my cell. Would differently recommend this product!!!"		
2	:	"These were my favorite headphones for about a month, and then they got a short in one of the wires and don't work at all.  I used them almost every day, they were so comfortable, the sound was great, and that I could go from my device without having any cut out was shockingly pretty far compared to any other bluetooth headset I've used.  Unfortunately now they're just earmuffs....So I ordered the new style that doesn't have any exposed cables and hopefully they perform as well."		
5	:	"I'm no audiophile, so these really do the trick for me. Honestly, I had a much more expensive pair of Bose that I lost, and I really can't tell the difference in the audio quality. These even feel a bit nicer and are more comfortable for me.For the price, I think these fit the bill nicely."		
3	:	Adjusting rating to 3 stars as the company responded almost immediately and sent me a replacement pair of headsets w/o me even asking when I'd posted that I'd had problems with the Ear muff fell off after first plane trip with these and extremely hard to get back on.I'd give these a 4 or 5 star IF I don't encounter same issue with the replacement headset after some usage .. it doesn't seem like they've changed the design at all so time will tell if these last longer and I just got a defective pair the first time .. or if its a design flaw with how they secure the ear muff		
5	:	"I really don't think you can beat these headphones, and certainly not for the price. I'm not an audiophile, I just love to listen to music. I could care less that there's a mic involved so I won't touch on that.The sound is fantastic, I have a pair of beats and a pair of bose (wired) and these easily beat the beats and are right on par with the bose. Not too much base but nice rich sound. They pair easily, the battery lasts a few days and I use these about 6 hours a day and they're on for 9.Overall, I highly recommend them."		
4	:	"These are a bit bigger than I expected, but not bad, and they do go over the ear well. They are pretty comfortable and seem to be well made. The sound quality is very good. I like them for both my work and home office. I also like the fact they can be connected directly with a 3.5 mm audio jack if you don't have a bluetooth connection. Holds a charge well. Overall, a nice item."		
4	:	"Pretty damn good headphones.  Not too heavy on the bass, but it's there.  I approve.  Though the way to adjust the volume is pretty irritating; you have to hold it down but there is no indication on the change.  Most the time it either moves on to the next/previous song.  I guess I still gotta get used to it.  Still though for the price it really bumps.  I like it."		
4	:	"I use these in the gym, for a Peleton bicycle, but I wasn't able to keep the headphones paired to two devices (my phone and the bicycle) at once, so that I could chose one, then switch to the other.  I had to pair, un-pair, pair again.  I don't know if it's (me) user error or a limitation of the device."		
5	:	"I bought these for my mother who lives in an assisted care facility. I was worried that she might not be able to use the Bluetooth feature, but was relieved that this set pairs easily and functions perfectly. The sound is very good. At 90, my mother is able to step into the convenience of wireless listening.I liked these so well, I bought a second set for myself. Thank you!"		
5	:	"Need headphones for use with your iphone? These work great. Need it to work with a Sony PS4? ... Use a Avantree USB Bluetooth adapter and it will! I searched and searched and searched for something to avoid buying the SONY gold earphones which are uncomfortable and over priced. These headphones fit the bill and with the bluetooth adaptor work flawlessly with my PS4. Tested them with my iPhone 7 and the range is easily 30-40 feet. Even seems to work through a wall or two. The build quality on these is exceptional given the sub $50 cost. Battery life is ridiculously long and I rarely have to charge these even after a week of off and on use. Took a gamble on the ""cheap"" route for bluetooth headphones and I'm not disappointed at all."		
5	:	"Extremely comfortable. Very pleased. Only thing I don't like about this product, turning the unit off, always states pairing. You have to remember to hold longer then 4 seconds to turn unit off. Other than that, these are by far, the most comfortable headset I have yet to purchase. I use with the Mpow TV Bluetooth transmitter and Wife is very pleased with the performance of this product.  I selected this product by looking only at ""Amazon Choice"" line-up and am I glad I did, you can't go wrong with this purchase."		
3	:	"I love the fit and ease of these headphones.  The ones that go inside the ear would irritate my ear canal after a while.This is an update, it seemed that just a few days after writing the first review I started hearing disconnect, connect so the headphones were going in and out of connection.  Also using the microphone people on the other end were having trouble hearing me.  I???m a little bummed.  So I have to change my original rating????"		
5	:	"The first order I had, they had a smell to them.  I received a replacement and the replacement are great.The sound quality surpassed my expectations for the price of these headphones.  They are comfortable for me, but I wish they would adjust larger to fit my big head.Overall I am pleased with them.  The seller did a great job at resolving the issue I had with great customer service."		
5	:	"I own 3 sets of these headphones and have no complaints.  I have a rather small head and they fit perfectly and do not wobble around of slip like others.  In addition, the noise canceling is excellent.  If my husband wants to get my attention while wearing these, he has to tap me on the arm first.  I also own a very expensive set of Sony noise-canceling headphones.  These have better sound, better noise canceling and a better fit.  Recommended!"		
5	:	I had recently purchased an expensive pair of Bose headphones and while the sound quality was fine through a wired connection the Bluetooth left much to be desired. The sound would fade and/or become static after moving only 5' from the source. The Mpow Bluetooth Headphones are without complaint! Sound is crisp and clear even in another room with the door closed. The headphones are comfortable to wear over long periods of time and the price cannot be beaten. I would HIGHLY suggest these headphones for those who need wireless headphones. One of the best purchases I've made through Amazon. You won't be disappointed !		
5	:	"The bluetooth headphones works easily. The sound quality is decent. Worth the price. The ear pieces covers my ears without discomfort.My only issues is connecting the headphones instead of bluetooth. The wire or the headphone has a short in it so i can only hear sound out of the right portion. This gets annoying so I try my best not to use the cord for this reason. If they had worked fine, this would've been a 5 star review.8/30/18 update.The problem has been resolved since my last review. As promised. This headphone deserved 5 stars for a budget friendly device that sounds good and comfortable when in use.  I also have to give a 5 star rating to the seller for going above what I even expected. Happy customer."		
5	:	"The feature I liked best was the cushions around the speakers & the audio. I also like how it will work as BT device or audio cable.  I do wish the manual could have been easier to read.  The print is so small.  But if you have a scanner available, you can increase the size of the print.  I never thought about seeking out instructions from their website.If they are available there, you could probably download them, too. But once you use the device a few times, the MpowH1 works great.  I guess the thing I like least bright Bluetooth indicator light. It really disturbs my wife.  But the flat surface of the control panel allowed me to put a small piece of electricians' tape over it to virtually eliminate the problem."		
2	:	"I selected these headphones because their earcups inner diameter is advertised as 1.6-3.5 inches (shown in the second product image), and I was looking for headphones with large earcups. In reality the earcups inner diameter is 1.5-2.2 inches. As for sound quality, I tested these headphones with several concertos and symphonies, and  found the music sounded flat/thin in all cases. There was no depth/richness in the music."		
5	:	Im adding to my previous review. Item is good and bluetooth works well. However the earphone covers come of very easily. They dont go back on sadly.So the company found my review and took their time to email me a kind letter stating they would be mailing me a replacement set at no cost to myself.They did just that and followed up to make certain I was satisfied. I cannot say enough good things about this company.Product- the latest one works as the previous one (perfectly) i use it all the time with my smart tv so others in my house are not disturbed late at night while I watch tv.Customer service 12/10. Unbelievable! Talk about dotting the eyes and crossing the T ???s!I cannot say thank you enough!My advice- at this price its a steal! Buy it! You will not be let down! If something goes wrong this company will sort it out for you.I was out of the return timeframe and they got in touch on their own steam without me getting in touch with them.I really wish all companies took customer satisfaction as seriously as your company does!Thank You!To my tv I return!		
5	:	"As an iPhone 7 Plus owner, you get used to not using headphones, but sometimes you just want them. These fit the bill. I???ve never had a $35 set of headphones that sound as great as these do. I listened to some different genres and didn???t find anything these couldn???t handle. I watched a few YouTube videos, one of which was a Jay Leno???s Garage episode featuring The Ring Brothers. Anyone who recognizes The Ring Brothers knows they build some amazing cars that have truly great sounding exhaust notes. The supercharged LS3 in the 69 Camaro in the video sounded amazing through these. Looking forward to using these for years to come."		
5	:	"As someone who uses headphones on a regular basis on my commute and at work to concentrate, these are brilliant. Very comfortable over the ear design and great noise cancelation. I do have small ears so they fit perfectly over my ears, I cannot speak for larger ear comfort. You can adjust them to fit your head to your comfort really easily, at the smallest adjustment, they're perfect for a small head. The cord does not come with a microphone on it but the built in microphone for Bluetooth has very clear sound quality. You cannot listen via Bluetooth and have the cord plugged in at the same time. The battery lasts for about 2 weeks with about 4 hours of use a day.They are a bit sensitive as my cat knocked my pair off the table and now only 1 side will work at a time.Overall these are completely worth buying and buying again!"		
5	:	"Update: MPow sent me a new set stating that their product has an18 month warranty. Now I am very satisfied with their customer service. Hoping they hold up well.Original review:  Great sound, great fit for me, 7 year old and 9 year old.  Blue tooth pairing is easy, charge lasts days/weeks. But at 3 months of use, one of the foam cushion ear pads has fallen off, which makes them unusable."		
3	:	"The craftsmanship is good, ease of use and sound quality is great.  The only complaint/concern I have is that originally I was going to get a different Mpow model that was just a little cheaper but I read a review about how the reviewer's coworkers could their music while at work.  The reviewer commented on how Mpow sent her this model and the problem was solved. So I ordered this higher model but the same issue is there and my colleagues at work can still hear my music. They have even asked me to turn it down. I may just give this set to one of our kids and search for a different brand/model."		
3	:	"Awesome headphones for the price.Feel like an expensive pair, sound like an expensive pair, and look like an expensive pair.Cannot comment on the battery life but its at least 10 hours.Sound is clear, and they are very loud.  Normally I play movies at 30-35 but with these its only 22-27.Cannot fault them, would def buy again.Update:  died after 3-4 months use.  Dont seem to be charging so I think its the battery."		
5	:	"The good reviews are for a reason. Things works great for the money. I was in bands, recorded in studios, loved music from a young age, had a brother who was an audiofile so I have some minor experience in audio. These sound great in my opinion and can't beat it when you compare cost to so many higher priced headphones. I guarantee these sound just as good as some of these other off brands that charge more."		
5	:	"Seriously, I tend to wear headphones to be able to concentrate while working and will wear them for HOURS at a time. These are by far the most comfortable of any I've ever owned, corded or cordless. Plus they're reasonably priced, the range on the bluetooth surprises me sometimes, and they've got a decent audio profile. I'd prefer a touch more bass, but they're still really good as is. I rarely use them this way, but taking calls with them seems to work well too. Great construction/durability as well, though the only feature that I'm left wanting is an integrated volume control. Near perfect except for that! Though without that, the existing controls are easy to find and use by feel.I liked them so much, I bought a second pair so I could keep one pair at home and take the second to work!"		
1	:	"UPDATE: After 6 months the left speaker went out. I always took care of them and even stored them in a case. Always kept volume @ 70. What gives? Changing 5 stars to 1.These are great. They're comfortable, they store well, and the audio is good.For the price, you can't beat'em. Make sure to pair these with an equalizer software, it'll make them truly stand out in their balanced high, mids, and lows. Good bass."		
4	:	"Definitely love these headphones! They???re excellent quality, and after the first charge, I didnt charge it until a week or two later. It has excellent battery life so far, I???ve only charged it twice within the month. The audio quality is on par with other noise cancelling headphones. Listening to music on these headphones made me notice new parts of my favorite songs.The only reason I rate it 4 stars is that the smallest adjustment doesn???t fit my head perfectly, nor is there a way to fix that. It???s a very slight annoyance that???s a bit frustrating since it???s ALMOST there. I can wear a beanie and it fits. I am a small girl, only 5???0???, so that could be the issue."		
5	:	"They are great , I had an issue with the first pair I ordered but they sent new ones immediately and they are perfect ????????. Excellent customer service"		
5	:	"Very comfortable. Extremely loud. Great sound. Only a few minor complaints and personal preferences that I have with them. One is that the sound leaks out pretty bad but I didn't buy them to not annoy my neighbor in a close quarter, I bought them for loud stereo sound, it just would have put these over the top and made me comfortable blasting my music that others might look down on me for listening to. Next thing is I've had multiple Bluetooth devices (a couple from mpow) that were for one ear where volume up/down buttons were long pressed to track up/down. It's reversed on this headset. Long press increases and decreases volume while the first press of the positive/negative buttons changes the track. Personal preference of mine i know but I understand these are designed to be used for listening to music and secondarily used for calls unlike the other ones I've had. Lastly the pair mode is a 4 sec long hold of the phone button but so is power off. So every time I want to power down I hold it until it says ""disconnected"", ""pairing"", and after another two or three seconds ""power off"". I really think pair mode should be long press + and - together for 4 seconds. It would eliminate that annoyance entirely and take some commands off of the phone key. Those minor complaints are more to improve future models if the company reads these. Would absolutely purchase again."		
3	:	"Overall I really liked these headphones. I had them for a few months but didn???t really start to use it until recently. I use it for music and movies mostly. However, while sitting watching a movie, thekide that keeps the headphones adjusted in size loosened. Doing this it slid off the back of my head and around my kneck. For some reason, this slight movement caused the ear cushion to come off. It is virtually impossible to put back on. Because of this I don???t think I can use it any more. I believe I purchased an electronic warranty Amazon offers. I???m going to try to repair it.If you???re looking for a comfortable Bluetooth headset that???s not expensive, it???s a good option. But know it???s cheap for a reason. Don???t expect it to last a long time. I???d probably try to save up for a nicer pair next time."		
4	:	"These headphones are pretty good for the price.  I use them several times a week while commuting by train.  The battery life is great and the sound is decent. On startup these headphones connect to my phone very quickly and easily and disconnect on shutdown quickly and easily as well. Comfortable to wear for about for 30-45 minutes. Works fine for telephone calls (I tested this feature at the office; I don't talk on the phone while commuting on the train). Sure, the Bose QuiteComfort 35, which my g.f. owns, is better in every way but, for $315 less, these headphones work just fine and I won't get distraught if they ever get lost, stolen, or broken."		
4	:	"Pros: Comfortable. Good sound quality, not exquisite but good nonetheless. Bluetooth paring was easy. Good build quality. Fashionable.Cons: Volume controls are annoying. You have to hold the button to change it whilst simply clicking the button skips. They also leak sound quite a bit, even at low volumes.Summary: Good headphones for the price, but volume controls could have been an easy fix by switching the functions with the skip."		
5	:	"Although the headphone is pretty good for the price, it did not last. After a month of use, the left ear stops working. Seems like this happens a lot to other one star reviews here, even though the thing feels pretty well built. Would've loved to keep using it if this doesn't happen. Got my refund though, thanks Amazon.[UPDATE]The replacement unit has been working fine. So far so good."		
4	:	"OK, so the bottom line is you get what you pay for. Do they sound AMAZING? No. Not at all. Do they sound GOOD? Yes, they do. The battery life is also quite impressive. I've put about 12 hours on them and I haven't come off 100%. Overall, for the price, they are quite good. They are not true ""noise canceling"" headphones, but I've used them on several flights and it eliminates 90% of the background noise, and you can hear your audio quite well. I recommend them."		
5	:	"I love these headphones but the instructions were not correct. I was going to return them because they didn???t work, but my teenager showed me how to do everything because his headphones are similar, and had good instructions. In case anyone else has trouble - To turn them off, you don???t hold for the few seconds the instructions say- you hold it until you hear it say all three: disconnecting, pairing, power off. (I had kept stopping when I heard ???pairing.???)"		
4	:	"Nice product, very basic and easy to use. Very light weight and comfortable. The ear cover is oval in shape, which works much better for me than others that have been round."		
5	:	A nice improvement over the previous model.  The ear cuffs are larger and more comfortable.  They also feel lighter and easier to wear for longer periods.  The controls are better and the plastic has been replaced with a velvety rubber.  The sonic quality is outstanding--better than headphones costing 3x as much.  My only disappointment is that they seem to be designed for a larger head than mine.  But they are adjustable and comfortable.		
5	:	"Love everything about these headphones. Good quality, look nice, easy to use and sync, and the signal holds up even if you stray a ways a way from the signal source. I routinely walk away from my desk with these on and leave my cell phone and I never lose signal or sound quality. The battery life is incredible too. I use them 10 hours a day and I've never run out of juice. Charge them for about 20 minutes and they're gtg. I highly recommend this product. Everyone comments on how sharp they look, too."		
5	:	"I wasn't expecting a lot for $35, so I was pleasantly surprised by these phones. They are very light and comfortable. The sound is clear and crisp with a reasonable amount of bass, and the over-the-ear design is good at reducing ambient noise. I hear a few pops when they are connected to my iPhone via bluetooth, but I have similar problems with other devices, so I can't fault this product. All in all, a very satisfactory purchase."		
5	:	"These things are awesome, up in running in 2 minutes after of course fully charging.  I merely turned them on and went to my iPhone 6s Plus and it found it and told me it found it.  testing it with real music, jamming to AC/DC, Beatie Boys, Crue, Judas Preist.  Ill test phone function later and let you know.  Bought these for the airplane and vacation to drown out the engine noise and any babies, adult and infant type."		
5	:	"Fantastic. Excellent sound rage with deep lows when appropriate and crisp highs. I???m picky with audio, but impressed with these. Bluetooth is simple and perfectly clear. Comfortable and soft. Good battery life and sensible price point.I tested the mic - I used it to call my wife and she said it was clear. I noticed some complaints on Amazon about the mic but it seems ok to me."		
4	:	Not noise canceling at all. Just your standard BT headset.  What you see is what you get.  The charging cables are the standard size.  You can easily feel the volume up and down and the power button.  A nice tight unit.  I returned mine because I paid 35$ for it and then the price dropped to 30 and they didn't offer me 5$ so I decided not to do business with Mpow and returned the headset.		
5	:	"I really liked my Mpow 059. It is light and comfortable.  But the battery stopped working after less than a year.  Battery problems sometimes happen, but rarely. I was delighted when I received a replacement without me asking. So now I am pleased both with the Mpow 059  itself, but also with the the service."		
4	:	"Very comfortable headphones for all-day wear. The sound quality is good, but there is not much bass. A single charge on the battery is still going although we don't use the headphones all day, every day.  The range is also good. It took some time to get used to the on/disconnect/off settings, but overall it is a good value. The carrying bag is also a plus!"		
4	:	"I can comfortably wear these headphones for hours at a time , and can go about a week without needing to charge them.Good dynamic range, solid bass, great volume, and most importantly easy to connect to sources.Add to that the nice auxilary cable these come , allowing them to work as wired headphones, and there's no reason not to buy these."		
1	:	Found these to be very disappointing and not well made. The padded ear cushion fell off within minutes of use.  I ended up gluing it back in place. I would not recommend.		
5	:	I doubt there is a better wireless Bluetooth set of headphones on the market at anywhere near the price !  I bought them for listening to audiobooks but they sound spectacular listening to music. Very comfortable to wear as well. Paired easily and controls are easily accessible and work as designed. I seriously recommend these. Best 30 bucks ever spent on headphones !		
3	:	"My teen son used these everyday. In three months they stopped working. He loved them when they worked. But I am not impressed. These are not cheapie headphones.Update: the company sent us a brand new, identical pair to replace the ones not working. What a nice surprise! My son was excited because he finds the earpieces to be mire comfortable and louder than others he used."		
4	:	"These are an excellent value and work really well with my iPhone, iPad, as well as my AppleTV. My only issue is that they tend to start to become uncomfortable after several hours. I have large ears so that certainly adds to the comfort issue. Don't get me wrong, I would totally buy these again. The battery life is great as well."		
1	:	"Though the sound quality was great for such a cheap price, even as the lowest volume my phone could go to, the music could be heard by anyone around me. Playing it at a comfortable volume meant everyone in the room coulf plainly hear the words of the song. I might as well have strapped a speaker to my head, I can???t wear them in public or even around other people. It???s very disappointing, I???m set to return the item tomorrow."		
5	:	"I???ve had the 059s for about a year. Typically use them around the house and mowing the lawn. Amazing for the price. So I decided to get a pair for work. I decided to try these since it came from the same brand and seemed to be a newer model. I???d say they???re softer, more comfortable better sound quality, but don???t block as much external noise as the others. I think that???s part of the trade off with the comfort though."		
5	:	"One of the ear pads came off after 30 days.  Could not return it or repair it.  Piece of Crap.  Surprised Amazon sells this junk. HOWEVER, after reading the preceding sentence, the Mpow people responded with a replacement.  It works great, sound is perfect as is the comfort.As long as the pads stay together, I am extremely impressed with the product."		
5	:	"I can't say enough about how happy I am with this purchase. They are extremely comfortable (can't emphasis this enough), great battery life, and allow fairly long distance from the source for a bluetooth device. I am going to buy a second pair because my wife, kids and I generally all want to use this pair over other alternatives we have.I am sitting here trying to come up with a negative and I suppose it would be sound quality - but that's not really fair to the product given its $35 price tag. By no means am I saying they sound like crap just don't expect sound like higher end $150+ dollar wired headphones. I must also admit, I have not used these for phones calls so I can't really speak to the built in mic.I would (and have) recommended these to anyone looking for bluetooth headphones and a great price."		
4	:	"These were bought for late night tv watching when everyone else is asleep.  Before I turned on closed caption, but this is much better.  They sound fine for the shows.  I haven't used them for music.  The only negative is that they are not very comfortable.  After an hour show I have a headache from the fit.But they are a very good value for the price.  They do exactly what I needed!"		
5	:	"Very pleased with the headphones.  They are soft, feel like quality, I can wear them for hours at a time without being bothered or feel any soreness like I've had with other headphones.  I have lots of headphones from studio reference headphones to bluetooth ear buds.  These have above average sound quality with a good bass response.  The are exactly what I wanted!"		
5	:	"I was initially drawn to this product since I was looking for a low price option for Bluetooth over the ear headphones. Although not familiar with the company Mpow, I figured that I would take a chance based on the large number of high ratings for this product. Initially I was pleased by the comfort and sound of these headphones, especially for the price. Unfortunately the left side stopped working after about 6 months. But when I contacted Mpow they quickly responded with some suggestions on resetting the product. And when that didn't work they were also quick to send a replacement pair, which arrived in perfect working order. This to me is a fine example of how a company should respond to an issue with their product, so I just wanted to give them some props from a satisfied customer!"		
4	:	"So far, So good!A very reasonably priced wireless option.  These are replacing my purple Bose to provide more ear coverage.These have good quality sound. Easy to connect. Good wireless time. A bit heavier than I???d like and they are a bit big for my little head and ears."		
5	:	"If you want a comfortable set of over-the-ear BT headphones, this is an excellent choice. The over-the-ear fit does a good job of reducing outside noise; the phones are relatively light; the sound quality is very good (though I'm not an ""audiophile"", so...); pairs easily and reliably with my phone and my MacBook.An excellent value, in my opinion."		
2	:	"Beware - you're taking a gamble with these - when they work they're great for the price.  But if they break, you will not be able to get the manufacturer to honor their warranty.I used these everyday for 3 months and they were awesome.  Then I stopped getting sound out of one ear in wireless mode, and no sound out of the other in wired mode.I contacted customer support through their online ticketing system about 2 weeks ago. Radio silence.So just know, if you buy these you'll probably be fine, but if they break past the window you can return to the seller you are out of luck."		
2	:	"I bought these headphones in June, for my son. He likes to play games on the computer a lot. The quality of the headphones was so good that when you just put them over your ears it eliminates outside noise and sound . He was so happy until in July one side of the headphones stopped working. Here we are in August and they will no longer charge.  Too bad they worked so well in the beginning."		
5	:	"Headset was defective after 4 months, promptly was sent a new pair! Very happy with my purchase! Never thought that bluetooth headphones would sound this good.I should also mention the battery life, as its much better than my wife's headphones (hers are admittedly cheaper.) I can go days leaving them on without charging! Lifetime is extended even more if you actually turn them off once in a while."		
5	:	"For the price these have really impressed me. I only use them for music at a desk and never tried the hands free stuff. Battery lasts long and are very comfortable. The range is shockingly good to someone who is a nerd for radio waves.I guess my only gripe could be that when I crank up my jams in a quiet office, others can hear far more than if I used ear buds."		
5	:	I absolutely love these. They are my first bluetooth wireless headphones and I couldn't be more pleased. I have a large head and they fit extremely comfortably. The sound is great and instructions for set up are clear. No need to hesitate.		
5	:	Great sound quality and great fit of the earpieces over my ears.  Having a large opening for the ear is key for long usage of headphones because otherwise the earpieces compress the ear and make it uncomfortable.  The opening for the ear is large in these headphones so the ear isn't compressed by them and you can wear them for a long time without any discomfort.  Great for long flights.		
3	:	"Great sound! I listen to music about 2 hours a day, usually for exercise. I used to have Bose and Marley head phones, and I would say the sound is comparable to those headphones. I maybe have to charge it once every week to 2 weeks. (depends on how much I use them).This is probably user error, but one thing I don't like is I can't control the volume on the headphones. I have an Iphone 6s, and the headphones will skip to the next song, instead of turn up or turn down the volume.The phone feature is pretty nice, except the recipient of my phone calls can here a low buzzing sound, and it goes away when I turn off the headphones.Not sure if these are the best with Iphones, but overall would recommend the product."		
1	:	"This will not pair with my android BLU Vivo nor BlLu Life one. X  I get message. "" Pairing rejected.  This is  mpow H 1.  My mpow H7. Paired fine  however after 3 months the  earpads broke off on both side and that is why I tried this earpad style.  This will be the first time in 12 years. I am sending something back to Amazon!!!"		
4	:	"So far these are really good when it comes to overall sound.  Also they have become very comfortable to wear for a little bit.  The only real issue is the "" Maximum Volume, Maximum Volume, Maximum Volume""  Yes I know you don't have to tell me three times when I am trying to enjoy a very good song.  I know its maximum volume.. I put it there.  You don't have one for minimum volume or do you and we just don't hear it.. Regardless outside of the MV issue.  these are pretty great for the price range."		
5	:	"Very comfortable, good sound across the spectrum, plays for several hours on a single charge, and NO audio cables needed (though you can use it with an audio cable if you so desire)!  I Love these headphones! Perfect for TV, audio books, YouTube, and music! When you don't want to disturb others, it's hard to imagine a better solution!"		
5	:	"Edit: The customer service is great.  Me looking at my email is not so great.  The company reached out to me multiple times w/o me noticing and when I finally did the assistance that they were willing to provide was great.  The headphones are up and running and the issue hasn't occured again!  These headphones were a steal when I purchased them.  Probably still are!These headphones would probably get 5 stars if it was not for the issue that just arose.  I had the headsets connected via Bluetooth to both my compatible laptop and phone (Galaxy S7) and in the middle of my music playing from my phone.it all of a sudden completely disconnected from both electronics.  I have attempted to repair with each device without any lucky.The headphones themselves work great, the fit is comfortable, and they are very easily portable.  Hopefully there is some type of solution to this issue because they are a great pair of headphones"		
5	:	"I am hearing impaired, and I bought these powered headphones because I wanted to increase the volume of sound coming from my Samsung Galaxy 10.1 Pad. The headphones don't require batteries because they are charged with a USB connector. While I don't recommend them for persons with severe or profound hearing loss, they are great for persons with normal hearing."		
5	:	This is my second encounter with Bluetooth head phones. I got tired of the erratic cable connection to my iPhone as I took my daily hike and decided to try this. Wow! Great sound. Love the over ears coverage. Great bass and really easy to use. I'm wearing them as I write this on my laptop. (They are blue-toothed to my iPhone.) I may not take them off...		
5	:	"Easily the most comfortable headphones I've ever worn. The cushions are made of something like memory foam and don't put much pressure at all on your ears, and the set is lightweight so they don't feel like they're dragging on you. I can wear these for a couple of hours without feeling uncomfortable at all. Sound quality is decent for the price as well - don't expect these to sound like Bose and you'll be happy. Battery life matches up with the advertised numbers and lasts a long time.My only complaint is the low battery warning - it kicks in about 5 minutes before the set shuts off. Yes, you can plug in a cord and keep listening, but that defeats the purpose of having wireless headphones. Not ideal."		
5	:	"I'm obsessed with these headphones! They are so comfortable, I could probably fall asleep with them on and they have such a great, clear sound! They are easy to adjust to the size of your head and it stays put even through working out, running etc. I highly recommend these if you're looking for solid headphones for a reasonable price. I love my MPow headphones so much!!????????"		
4	:	"The audio has a good quality, but the microphone is deplorable and I tried two headsets, once the first one I returned. The sound of the microphone is muffled with a noise with the main audio. I tested with Skype and I recorder I have, both I had the same result. I also compared the audio (mic) with a previous headset I had (Logitech), and the Logitech is perfect, clear and without any noise, despite not been so comfortable as MPOW. Im thinking to return again and try another model, once I use the mic a lot. If you just use the speakers, go ahead and buy it, if you use the mic, don't buy it.UPDATE: after the seller replace the item, the quality is better.  Excellent speakers and ok microphone."		
3	:	"I really liked these headphones when they first arrived. The battery lasted a long time for me and they sounded great. After about 6 weeks of 1 to 2 hour per day use they started disconnecting randomly from my phone. This started out as a rare occurance but has gotten worse and now happens daily. Not impressed.Update-After posting about my experience with these headphones, i was contacted by customer service. They seem eager for me to try another set. They stated they would send me a new set of headphones immediately. I was a bit surprised to be honest. I have not received them yet and will update this again if i do."		
5	:	"Battery life is excellent. I never have troubles with connection when walking away up to 30ft and it always pairs quickly. Sound quality is decent, but I'm not an audiophile, so I wasn't expecting this to compare to Bose. They're not active noise cancelling either, but they are not advertised as such, so no complaints there. I wish they made a black on black colorway. The red is a little too flashy for me."		
5	:	"I did not know how bad my last headphones were until I bought these. They pair very quickly with my iphone or ipad and hold a charge FOREVER. Seriously. I finally charged mine again just because I thought certainly after this much use they must need it, even though the tiny battery icon on the screen indicates they are still fine. These are so nice that my husband bought a second pair for himself for the gym. He also loves his!"		
5	:	Comfortable with great sound! Pairs quickly with the transmitter/receiver that I ordered at the same time. Now I can watch tv after my husband goes to bed & am actually able to hear my movies!!Love these headphones		
5	:	"After owning multiple brands of bluetooth head phones,  Im glad I found these.  They work great, connect quickly.  I normally use them to listen to music while I mow the yard.  Ive been pretty rough on them, yet they still work great.  Most of the cheaper ones seem to fade in and out.  These have worked flawlessly.  Some of the more comfortable headphones Ive had.  I recommend these."		
5	:	"I'd never used Bluetooth cordless headphones before and I'm thrilled that there's no distortion or static when I use them on a treadmill about 20 ft away from the TV (unlike my previous old technology cordless headphones which were often static-y). I'm also tickled that I've been using these for at least an hour a day since I bought them about three months ago and just had to recharge them for the first time today.  They recharge by simply plugging in with a standard ""Android"" type charging cable, the same one I use for my Galaxy phone, Samsung tablet and my Kindle."		
5	:	"These headphones work great & look good!  Mostly they sound good.  They are comfortable to wear, and while not noise cancelling, they do dampen outside sounds.  The power down messages are overkill; a musical cue like on a PC exit would work better.  Battery charge time is still an unknown."		
3	:	"Considering the fact that it's less than $40, I gotta say it's great.I'm satisfied with this overall but there's really annoying thing that bothers me.It's that its sound is basically too loud.If you're gonna use it for your laptop then it wouldn't really matter, but if you're gonna get it for your pad or phone then it might bother you as well.I can't really use this product at night because it's too loud even at the lowest level of sound.Moreover, somehow when it's the lowest level I can't really hear anything, there's no sound.I contacted customer service and they let me know the way how to deal with it, but it didn't really work.TLDR; If you're gonna use it only with your laptop then it's perfect. Otherwise, I'm not sure if it would be perfect."		
5	:	"The battery last all day, but the ear pad matt. is falling apart! It is leaving black pieces of plastic on the ears! UPDATE***** I have changed my rating here because they were nice enough to send me new headphones to fix my problem! These are stand up people and they made IT RIGHT! Thank You!"		
5	:	"Already, the left speaker doesn't work.  I just used this in bed with the bedroom TV.Update: They read my review and they are sending me a new one! Wow!"		
5	:	"I almost spent $350.00 (????) and I  thought these may not be that as as of their price,but they are GREAT got them 3 hrs ago change on pc half hour got it  synchronized with iPhone EASY the on my windows 10 pc EASY feel better then my B$&se (has cord) sound is great looks and feel  Beyond comparable great.The price  unbelievable AM  believer  i???m the roughest critic around I do not porno punches ....."		
1	:	"I initially liked these headphones until THIS happened. I received these on or around August 15, 2018 and today is December 8,2018. I would like to think that these would last longer than 4 months. I don't use them a lot nor do I excercise in them. I use them occasionally to talk on the phone or to watch a movie on my laptop. I am very disappointed."		
3	:	"Good sound quality, comfortable, blocks ambient noise. My only quibble is with the push buttons for changing volume. It's difficult to get the volume just right with those. I prefer the old-fashioned turn knobs. The push buttons look nicer, but the turn knobs work better. Aesthetics over function. But that's true of pretty much all headphones these days, it seems. So that's not a reason not to buy these headphones. But, to me, it is a reason to knock them down a couple stars."		
2	:	"I was a huge Mpow fanboy. I even made other people buy it.  With their prices and sound quality, I believed I had struck gold with them until all three of my products faced a problem. I tried getting in touch with the people and Mpow1. They do not reply until 24 hours after each mail.2. There is no way to contact them directly.3. I have been trying to come to a resolution for more than seven days and nobody at the customer care centre seems to care.4. Overall I would say it's pure luck. If your product works well for a couple of months without any problem good for you but incases anything happens, forget it, they are not going to help you.Overall not a good purchase."		
4	:	"The battery Is pretty good. I used it on and off at work and running for a month, and I did not need to recharge.I have a very small head, so the thing looks wide and huge on me. But it stays even when I run with it.The one thing I dislike about it (and it may not be the headphones fault) is the + and - buttons on the headphones. You would think it is used to adjust for volume. But instead, they act as more of a forward and backward button; I use it to skip a song, for example."		
5	:	"I purchased these December 26th and am writing this as of may 31st. I used the heck out of these things for working out 4+ times a week and got every pennies worth. In all honesty I only remember charging them maybe 4 or 5 times if that. They hold battery power better than any other Bluetooth headset I???ve had. That being said, they are super light weight and durable but today after running these boys into the ground the left ear speaker started cutting out. I???m not mad I???m happy that I got about 200 hours off only a few charges, they do take a couple hours to charge when drained, and that they survived this long as often as I used and abused them. Oh and the quality of sound is great, very clear and boy these bump of full volume."		
5	:	"I wish I could give it six stars. Lightweight, easily adjustable to produce just enough pressure to stay in place, while remaining a very soft feel against the side of the head, with no pressure on the ears. Barely notice that I'm wearing it, except for the great sound. Very balanced with nice bass, sounds very natural.  Both bluetooth and wired modes sound great. And all for $38. Wow!"		
5	:	I have had these for 5 months and there were no too upsetting problems but now the headphones wont turn on unless connected to power which COMPLETELY defeats the purpose of Bluetooth headphones i will change my rating if the headphones are replaced.i enjoyed them so much i would say get them but unfortunately the battery does not work after 5 months of light use.Recently patzone has sent me a new pair my old pair was DEFECTIVE so i completely recommend these to anyone doubting buying these.i would also like to mention the 18 month warranty saved me so THANK YOU SO MUCH BELLA FROM PATOZONE . recommended!!!! I LOVE THESE HEADPHONES THEY ARE COMFORTABLE.		
4	:	I have not used these very much yet but my first impressions are that they have good sound and are quite comfortable.  The bluetooth works well with my phone.  Having a volume control that was easy to control was important to me.  It appears that the volume control does NOT work when you plug these into a device using the cable - it works only when connected via bluetooth.		
5	:	"My son's bluetooth earbuds died, and so I bought these as a replacement. The headphones are lightweight and very comfortable. Sound is pretty good for a bluetooth headset. It's not studio quality - but more than good enough for a teenager to use and fully enjoy."		
4	:	"Good quality headphones.  Very good for the price.  They are the most comfortable headphones I've ever owned.  Unless you have unusually large ears they will fit over your ears.  Like someone else said, I too wear hearing aids and I can wear them and the Mpow H1 headphones don't interfere with them.  That's are real plus because my hearing aids don't just increase the volume, they compensate for the frequencies my ears are weak in.  The reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because they aren't professional quality, but that's not how they are priced.  Like I said, for the price the quality is excellent."		
5	:	"Super quick delivery. Headphones are really nice looking, very comfortable and the sound is just perfect! I was more than impressed with how loud and clear they sound considering the price. I walked all over the house and left my media player in my bedroom with no interruption on the signal at all. This is definitely a great buy!"		
5	:	We bought this a few months ago and they worked as expected.  Then one day the ear pad fell off.  I looked at it and thought there???s probably a clip or maybe glue I can use to fix it.  I couldn???t find anything and didn???t think it was a good idea to glue it back on.  I contacted to company hoping they would give me a good way to fix it or even replace it since it was just a few months.  They replaced it within the week.  Great company.  Good on them.  I like these headphones and this company.		
5	:	Finally I can listen to my audiobook without getting my earbud cords hooked on everything while I'm cleaning.  They were super simple to set up and use and I have no problems hearing people or them hearing me.		
5	:	"*Simple, to-the-point, real-world review. These headphones are comfortable, simple to connect, and the battery charges fairly quickly and seems to last forever.  These have great sound with good highs and enjoyable base. They are great for tuning the world out when working on the computer. There is some sound bleed so if you are playing them very loud in a quiet environment; others may hear some muffled sounds. However, I use these at home for hours when working on my computer and have no issues whatsoever. These headphones provide great value, and I would purchase again. I have had these for six months. Enjoy!"		
4	:	"For the price it's WORTH IT! Sound is good not great but good and solid. They're pretty light weight on your head and the foam keeps your ears at a normal temperature. Most headphones can keep your ears very warm or just hot. These keep your ears at a comfortable temperature. They Charge rather quickly and can last most of the day if not into the next day easily. The only downside is the signal lights.  They can be pretty bright and they flicker depending on if you need a charge, or your Bluetooth signal strength. But other than that I plan to purchase another one. I can be a bit rough on my headphones!"		
1	:	"These headphones paired fine with all the devices I tried them on.  The sound was better than expected and they worked well, UNTIL  Sept  17, 2018 the day after return and support ended closed!  The left speaker quit working.  Disappointed.  These were not heavily used."		
5	:	I bought these bluetooth headphones because my husband enjoys music as he falls asleep and I watch a little tv.  The price was great so I thought I'd give these a try.  They arrived quickly and were easy to pair with my husband's phone.  He loves them!! They are comfortable and he tells me the sound is great.  Very happy with these.		
5	:	"These are pretty good for the price, nice clear sound really good range. My only gripe is that they feel pretty loose, maybe I have a tiny head? I use these in the garage while I do wood working, running my table saw, planer, jointer, drill press and various hand tools with no issue."		
2	:	Light weight and color is great as well as sound quality. Pairing my iPhone is easy. My Dell pc had some difficulty to set up Blue tooth. However my primary reason for purchase was connecting Dell. It took me 2days to figure out. I found sound comes out of monitor HDMI connection but not headphone. All I had to do was on Windows blue tooth setting I remove monitor sound. Monitor display is not affected but sound is on MPOW.This made me very happy. Sadly I shipped it back after 4days on off switch became erratic and middle of  listening connects and disconnectsoften and too annoying. Sound quality was very good and I felt bad. I thought blue tooth was issue and connected wire to Dell PC then sound quality plummeted. It took 2wks before I gave up.		
4	:	I like these headphones a lot. Been using them for 2 months now i use them at least 2 - 3 hours a day have only had to chargeonce a week its hard to believe how long they last on a charge and i do like the sound quality. I do recommend these headphonesfor the casual listener not the hard core audiophile.		
3	:	"Works great and does pretty much what I need it to. I use them everyday for about 10hrs straight, some times without an overnight charge.Damn things just died on me, 6 months of use. Not sure if this is common or not, but I admit to using it more than expected, I'm sure. Also, I plugged them in every night to charge, which may or may not have been a factor to them np longer holding a charge.Sound still comes out if theyre connected to a charger, but dies immediately when disconnected.Really wish they lasted longer..."		
5	:	"Bought these for my husband to use as an OTR truck driver.  He loves them.  The comfort, the quality are both great.  Noise cancelling, wireless and he loves the built in microphone.  He can plug in his mp 3 players or stream music from his phone and answer calls and talk all hands free.  Great product would definitely buy again."		
4	:	Overall not bad. The Bluetooth software doesn't seem to like iOS 11 because the sound adjustment is really funky. Like even on the lowest possible volume setting the headphones are REALLY loud. But using the wired connection is 100% and works beautifully.A good *wired* set.  But an *okay* Bluetooth headset.		
5	:	"I purchased these after my other pair broke. These are great!  They are very comfortable and seem to be very well made. The hinge is partly metal instead of plastic which is what caused my other pair to break. They hold a good charge and do a nice job of noise cancelling while in use. I definitely recommend these, especially for their price."		
4	:	These are great other than the microphone part being basically useless. don't expect to be able to make voice calls with this.		
4	:	"These earphones work well. When I first got them, it hurt to wear them and I was considering returning them. However I decided to break into them and see what happens. Thankfully, they don't hurt anymore and are quite comfortable. I really like that it can be cordless or not. The biggest problem is the volume button. You have to press and hold which can be quite difficult sometimes because you have to wait. I prefer the usual click to increase the volume. The battery lasts for a pretty long time, I only use the battery occasionally and it's been three weeks and I have yet to charge it. Because the headphones are nicely padded and over the ear, it can help to filter some sound out. Overall, these headphones are pretty good."		
4	:	"Wow, that was fast 2 days delivery. The sound is good for the money but don't expect to sound like Bose. The middle sound great and the bass is very clear but not loud enough. Design is great. 10 stars for the design. They look nice and expensive. They look even better than the pictures. It is confusing with the volume control. Short press on volume buttons change for the next track, long press is for volume. So confusing. It should be the opposite. Anyway I recommend these headphones as best budget headphones."		
5	:	"For 35 bucks, these are fantastic!!!! Sound is outstanding, Easy to pair. Work great. Excellent battery life. I've used them with my s8 plus my Samsung gear VR, my PS4, and my Windows 10 PC to play steam games. I may buy another pair as a gift. High end quality at a low end price."		
4	:	It works. I used it once. I like it.I have a hospital stay coming up. I wanted something for a distraction. Wired earbuds get tangled and you have drag the device along.I don't knot the range in the house. I hope to listen to podcasts as I do house work.		
4	:	"These headphones are not the best, but they are good. They are not very loud, not very isolating, and do not have great audio range. The comfort level is decent, but there are some pressure points and not much ability to adjust them. On the upside, there is no interference whining sound when there is no audio playing. The range is good, they have a decent sized battery, and the firmware is good."		
3	:	"lacking fullness, bass, little too bright as if they were ear buds???on/off could be better, To turn off you push same button as to pair so you have to hear,  pairing, disconnecting, powering off every time!!  Dumb engineering...Great customer service though!"		
5	:	"I purchased this to listen to podcasts on my Mac Pro, not music. The following are my comments:1 - Pairing with my Mac Pro Bluetooth was simple and took about 10 seconds.2 - The ear cups are very comfortable.3 - Sound quality for the podcasts I listen to is more than adequate."		
4	:	"Really like the quality of these for the price. Only 2 small-ish reasons I???m giving these a 4/5:- sound is pretty loud outside the headphones - my coworkers can usually hear what I am listening to if they walk by since I like to listen to it on the loudest!- sometimes I have to disconnect and ???forget??? the device on Bluetooth on my phone a few times to get them to connect. However, once connected, great quality connection."		
5	:	"Mpow has really knocked one out of the park , very easy to pair with any tablet, MP3 player i own 4 iPads,2 Samsung Galaxy tablets and 3 Kindle Fire tablets plus 2 iPod Touch???s great product."		
5	:	"Easy to setup and good quality sound. It's annoying that you have to hold the power button for four seconds to turn it on and off. I would have preferred either a dedicated button or a shorter time. That's a minor inconvenience not worth docking a full star for, though."		
3	:	"Have had these for over a year and they???ve been pretty reliable and have overall good sound quality. But yesterday they died, just won???t turn on anymore. So for the price a year of good headphones isn???t bad. Just wish they lasted longer."		
4	:	"This product is ultimately a great product. It has good fit, nice form factor, and the sound is decent. You may have some software problems with lowering the volume to 1 bar on the I-Phone, but a simple reconnect should fix it right up. I definitely recommend getting this product because of how good it is for the price"		
5	:	"Upgrading from the previous generation (Mpow 059), whose headband broke after only a few months.  These headphones are a significant upgrade over the previous ones, improving comfort, look, feel and (tentatively) sound quality.  They are perfect for my everyday needs.  Thanks Mpow!Highly recommended for office/home use.Will try to follow-up with a reliability update at a future date, but it's been impressive thus far.  Interested to see if they can raise the bar even further."		
5	:	"These are amazing. They're very resilient. I take them everywhere. The battery lasts A LONG time and they sound great. For this price you cannot beat it. My only gripe is that when you turn the volume up all the way it says ""MAXIMUM VOLUME"" over whatever is playing."		
4	:	"I only wish the base and treble could be adjusted. But on the whole, these earphones work just as described.  They stay charged for a good, long time.  I am very happy with them."		
5	:	I waited a while to do the review waiting to see if they lasted and they're still functioning perfectly well. They're low cost but high quality		
5	:	"Great product for folding over the ear Bluetooth headphone my 3rd pair and the best.  The other two broke at the folding hinge after about a year.  This folding mechanism much stronger.  Sound is just great with immediate pairing with phone, tablet and computer."		
5	:	"I almost thought i had a problem with these headphones.Then my son helped,and they are perfect.crisp,clear and comfortable to wear.have them hooked to my roku for tv..loud and no one has to say to me turn the tv down..great will recommend my friends def..thankyou"		
5	:	"I am so happy I bought these,  These unbelievably comfortable.  I use these with my keyboard, and I cannot wait to take these on my next airline flight.  There are sets that cost over $100  I wonder would could be worth that much more to listen to your electronics than this set?"		
5	:	"Shipped very fast and it works beautifully, better than expected.  It is very comfortable.  I use it to listen to books from the library while walking or working in my sewing room.  They do not cause any problems with my glasses."		
5	:	"We ordered the headphones for a client who needs to block all outside noise to concentrate and works in a noisy environment. The headphones are great at doing just this, even without playing anything. The quality of the sound is excellent and the headphones are comfortable and do not slip around. I received these a few days ago. I have probably used for about 7-9 hours and am just now recharging (and I made the mistake of leaving them on). I highly recommend this set of headphones. In fact, they sell themselves because my clients best friend just came in to order some also."		
5	:	I got these with a Christmas gift card to Amazon I got. Very easy set up to connect with devices. I have not used the phone call feature yet. The sound is very good too.		
5	:	I really am enjoying these earphones more than I thought. Easy to charge and easier to operate. The sound is comparable with any of the top names in wireless Bluetooth. For the price I'm almost surprised but supper glad I made the purchase.		
5	:	"These headphones are light weight and do not make my head or ears hurt.  They are made of light materials and have open exposed wires that has made me wonder about durability.  The bass isn't terribly deep, but so they work quite well."		
5	:	My son took these from me for several months until the ear piece fell off. Then he gave them back. Really liked them for the few days I got to use them.		
5	:	I went from corded Senhhisers to these and wow! These are so good. I am unable to hear differences between my old codede cans and these! Way to go mpow. I will continue to buy your products!Let me add that I wear mine 8+ hours a day to work.		
5	:	"Great sound and comfortable.  Best bluetooth speakers I've ever owned.  If you want to hear music / phone conversations only with no outside interference, these speakers are for you.They power on quickly and have connected 1st time, every time.  I am a musician who records and listens closely to our songs.  I hear instrumentation that I can hear only with my corded high end headphones.I would highly recommend these headphones, keeping in mind they are for serious listeners who like over the ear phones."		
5	:	"This product is a ridiculous value. A true bargain. Well made. Great sound isolation. Comfortable. Easy set up. Very good, neutral, balanced sound especially for voice. Easily worth double the price. You really can???t go wrong."		
5	:	"These ar amazingly comfortable.  I wear them 8 hrs straight at work and the feel like nothing.  Although they are not active noise blocking, the fit seals so well that they do an excellent job of passive noise blocking.  I wholeheartedly recommend them.  Great product at a great price."		
4	:	"Updated Review: Customer Service read my original review and sent me a new headset.  The new headset worked as expected and sounds good, I am updating my rating to 4 stars for proactive approach and great customer service.Bad quality control. Out of the box the right side did not work.  Repack and returned same day. A waste of time and money.  Buy something else."		
1	:	No noise cancellation at all. Bluetooth ok though. Sound quality sub par.		
5	:	"They're comfortable, easy to pair with transmitter. The sound quality is good enough for serious music listening. The range is at least the 10 metres advertised."		
5	:	"I love these! I was able to pair my iPad, iPhone, and Apple watch easily and whatever item I???m using the headphones play seamlessly and effortlessly! The sound is almost as good as my Bose earphones which I broke recently.."		
4	:	"Love the headphones, I am on conference calls all day long at work. These are amazing and feel great even with glasses on all day. Issue is only a few months after owning them, my MIC does not work and my Left headphone speaker has also stopped working. I tried to contact manufacture but I have yet to hear a response. It should be under warranty per their site.If you are a gamer, they do no pair with PS4."		
4	:	"They were good while they lasted but after just a few months of use they developed a short, and one side does not work.Update: May, 2018The company wanted to make good on my purchase so they sent me a free, new pair, and its working. Thanks!"		
5	:	"Excellent value for the price. Tested them on a round trip flying commercial- very good isolation of external noise, crisp and clear sound, good with high and low notes."		
4	:	"I just got these and they are amazing so far. They look great, are very comfortable and have great clear sound. The physical buttons also have a satisfying click to them. It's bass doesn't pack a punch but it's still satisfying.I've seen where people say that you have to long press the power button twice to turn it off but that isn't entirely true. All you have to do is long press it for about 4 seconds and it will turn off.All in all, it's a solid headphone and I would recommend these."		
5	:	I use this at work to cut down on some of the chatter around me.  Battery life is great and it has good sound.  It???s not noisecancelling but the foam ear pads work well to block out sound.  I???ve got a big head and this set fits with room to spare.		
3	:	"These headphones worked well for about 2 months, I work in construction and it's very loud, I put my earplugs in and turn the volume up as loud as it can go and the sound comes through the majority of the time, they are very comfy, easy to operate and light weight. Now for the negative, I've had these for two months now, and they won't charge any longer, they are very bulky, and stick out a ways from your ears. I'll be returning them soon to get them replaced, all and all its a good product for what you pay for it, but things go wrong in technology, just return and replace."		
5	:	I've been using these for a week now at the gym. I'm very happy with this order! The headphones are light and the Bluetooth connection allows you to jump around without falling off. So far I have not recharged them so the battery life is good for now. Thank you!		
3	:	"I can't figure out how to get it to turn off without going into pairing mode.The volume down button is the same button for ""previous track"" and unless you press them perfectly you get the feature you didn't want.Not bad for $35 but super annoying."		
4	:	"UPDATE: Seller sent out a replacement pair and so far so good! Great and courteous customer service. Makes me want to buy again.7 months in and the charging port broke which means they are useless as bluetooth headphones.Sound quality and battery life was always good, but alas I am on the search for something more reliable."		
4	:	"I was pleasantly surprised with these headphones. I've been using them for about a month now and have been very happy. The battery life is very good. I have them powered on for about 9 hours every day at work, listening for 5-6 hours of that and only need to charge them every other day. Audio quality is quite good, considering the purchase price of about $50. They certainly meet my needs of having over-the-ear, wireless headphones for use in an office environment.They are not noise canceling and, in fact, only do a moderate job of blocking outside noise. This is fine for my circumstances, but may be a consideration for someone else."		
5	:	"Left side doesn???t work. I???ve tried pairing with other devices and confirmed it???s a manufacturing error. I was hoping to use this on my trip but now, it became too late to order another one. Quite disappointing given the amazing reviews. It was a warm fit though. Had to give it that at least.Update: replacement works perfext"		
2	:	Pros: Looks well built. Comfortable for short time use. Good sound quality. easy controls.Cons: Not comfortable for long wearing. hissing sound on the microphone when talking on the phone. I don't believe the product is designed for talking on the phone. was not able to pair with my Sony XBR TV.		
4	:	This product sound was ok but the headset has already stopped working. They will not charge after only being used three times during travel.Updated review: 7/3018I wrote the previous review and this seller immediately contacted me stating they were replacing the headset. It was an unexpected  response. I???m impressed with the customer service and will purchase from them again. Thank you. I???m a satisfied customer.		
5	:	"These headphones are really great - the first pair had the cord fray or bend or something and they died. The company however sent me a free replacement pair and they work perfectly. Thank you!!!!My only complaint is that the ???battery low??? warning is super super loud and scares the bajeezus out of me every time.Original review:Super comfortable and good sound quality, but less than six months afternoon I purchased them, they suddenly died. Will not turn on, will not charge, nothing."		
5	:	"Just got these and am lovong them so far. Low price, good sound, and extremely comfortable! I use them on the bus to and from work, through the whole day at my desk and I still only need to charge them for a few hours in the evening. The only improvement I would suggest is to make the controls a bit easier to distinguish... the difference between a single button press and a ""long press"" is too little. Also it is more intuitive for me to want to single press for volume control instead of holding the button down. Switch the music controls to make long press the ""next song"" command, and you'll have a better experience."		
5	:	"Really happy. Sounds great, fits well over ears, looks cool, pauses easily, pairs easily (pixel 2), folds compactly, and seems well made. After a couple hours it makes my head hurt a little (common for me).I would have put the pause and skip buttons farther apart or put some texture on the pause button. You have to put three fingers on the three buttons to make sure you are pressing the middle one. Not huge, just a nitpick.Not having a wire makes my life a lot easier."		
5	:	"I am a musician and have been playing the drums for twenty plus years. These H1's are the bomb! I have a large powerful drum set and am constantly learning new songs. These headphones provide me with the perfect mixture of being able to play and listen to the music at the same time. Not to mention just sitting on the couch enjoying music or even a movie. The sound is incredible!Update.... Just got through playing my kit for over an hour and a half. No problems, the quality held up to a very tuff hard rock test.... All is Good!"		
5	:	Amazing sound.  For the money you cannot beat these headphones.  Natural sound similar to bose. High quality materials...Nothing cheap about this except price point.		
4	:	"Worked well for a time. I bought these in late January, and the padding on one of the ears completely fell off in early June. Can't quite figure out how to get it re-attached without breaking it.EDIT: Since posting, the seller has replaced the headphones, so here's to hoping they last longer this time"		
5	:	"These headphones are very comfortable to wear for long periods of time. Sound is pretty decent. I love the storage pouch, easy controls and the optional jack cord. I haven't had them long so I can't speak to their durability but they seem to be great quality for the price!"		
5	:	Great Product.  Instructions are clear.  Headsets are comfortable - we are using with a 12-year old special needs boy and they fit well.		
5	:	"Was pretty happy with these until tonight. Comfortable. Easy to use. Long battery life. Then tonight, they just quit working after only having them 5 months. I have contacted the seller. Sometimes things just go wrong with electronics.  I am willing to update my review and change the rating.UPDATE: Mfg replaced in a couple of days. changing review to 5 stars."		
2	:	"UPDATEAfter my previous review we were pleasantly surprised to receive from the company a new replacement set. My son is so happy and they're working great. Thank you!This was for my son for music, videos etc. He loved everything about them ... comfort, sound quality etc. But after only 4 months one side has stopped working.  No incidents with them, no issues with wear amd tear... but will not work. Unsure about any warranty but don't feel like this is a ""disposable"" price"		
4	:	"Got real busy and didn't open untell today. For the price I paid $ 34.99, it seems to be a good deal, ????????????. The pairing signal is good to execellent as far as I know. Very comfortable on ears. The sound is equal and full stereo on both sides, while crisp and clear, not much bass at all. And I admit I love my bass. For voice it's as good as AM radio. It's my first purchase of blue tooth head phones. Given all this, and my preferance for Hi-Fi, I WILL TRY TO KEEP THEM, and be happy, But I next time I want to get Bose or somthing great. Take care and much thank.....Hope they Last...."		
3	:	"Good sound.  Moderately comfortable (heavy).  System voice prompts that can't be disabled or lowered are way too loud.  That means any time you turn on/off or pair the device, a very loud voice prompt is played and there is no way to disable it or turn it down."		
3	:	This is my second pair and like the first it stopped holding a charge and thus it won???t work wirelessly anymore.Headphones purchased in June and in July it quit working.Edit: I???m bumping up to 3 stars based on the seller???s customer service. When in doubt email the sellers any issues. They were very responsible and gave me options.		
5	:	"Perfect headphones for the price! Work so easy out of the box. Good sound, however these are not good for talking on the phone, lots of complaints from callers. Love the battery life and they are very comfortable. Stop researching and buy these!"		
4	:	Fantastic quality and sound. My only concern is the cable connection between the headband and the earcups seems like it might break after being folded many times. However it's held up so far.		
5	:	"Very easy to pair.  Unique design makes fitting easy.  I am profoundly hearing impaired and these over-the-ear headphones provide quality sound at an affordable price when used with my (Android) tablet, Chromebook or (Doro) cell phone.  Highly recommended."		
5	:	My husband absolutely loves these better than his beats. He said the sound quality is amazing and they turn out all the people talking around him at work. He has a big head and he said they never get uncomfortable during a 9 hour shift.		
1	:	Bought these based on positive reviews and  we have owned beats previously.  The sound quality was very good as was the comfort. Unfortunately one of the speakers stopped working in one ear and only plays out of one ear after he only owning for about 1 month- very disappointing. I would recommend buying the extra repair coverage if you do buy these.		
4	:	"Bought these for my little brother and he loves them. The battery lasts all day, the sound is actually really good for the price. Not bass heavy or super loud but sounds really good. The look is very nice and they feel very good on your head."		
5	:	"Love these! I use them for editing audio books and podcasts. It's nice not have a cord to worry about. I don't use the speaker, and they're paired to my PC, not my phone, so I can't speak for those functions, but they have good sound quality."		
5	:	"These are great! Very comfortable, great sound quality, and easy to pair with bluetooth devices. They are a bit bulky and I probably wouldn't be able to exercise with these on as I have a small head, but other than that perfect."		
4	:	I???m sending them back because they are too big and too heavy for me to wear comfortably. (I can???t adjust them enough). Bluetooth phone calls are not clear but sound quality for music is spot on.		
5	:	"Haven't explored all the features of these headphones yet but, so far, I couldn't be happier.  I purchased these to use while watching television.  My hearing is not what it used to be!  The sound quality is fantastic and the fit is extremely comfortable."		
4	:	"Pros:Comfortable, light weight, clean sound, long lasting battery and easy to connect Bluetooth.Con: the multifunction buttons, I would rather have the 059 style buttons where the volume and skip track has a dedicated button. Sometimes It???ll skip tracks when I intend on adjusting the volume, which can be really frustrating when listening to Pandora."		
5	:	Really like these headphones.They fit over your ear and are very comfortable.Great sound and the top piece is padded.The buttons are east to feel and use.Buy it.		
4	:	"These headphones are nice for the price. Crisp and clear and mildly noise cancelling.  I have a smallish and shaved head and only just fit.However, my one complaint is that they seem to have been a returned pair because the bass notes give a slight buzz. I don't know if this is due to price or if they are indeed used. And no, I do not listen to things at loud volume.Edit: The charging cord could stand to be about 6-12 inches longer as well."		
1	:	"For the price you can't beat these headphones.  They work great with Fire TV for private listening to streaming content.  Both music and movies sound great with clarity and depth to the sound.  Battery life is well over 16 hours continuous, probably closer to 20.UPDATE After 8 months wire on 1 side has a short in it.  Slight movement causes sound to cut out."		
4	:	Audio on these are amazing on Bluetooth. However the mic doesn???t get picked up well on discord so that???s a huge issue-your speech is cut off and people have a hard time hearing you. Other than that so far so good		
4	:	"Great sounding and a great value. Comfortable and light. I have a number of over ear headphones one with active noise cancelation. All considerably more expensive. They sound good, but my Mpow H1's have a very clear well balanced quality sound. The bass is clear in the mix but not overpowering. I'm happy with this purchase."		
5	:	"My son bought this with his own money and he was super satisfied and loved them until our dog ate the wires. I assume if you do not have a small, young, irritating chiweenie in the house, then this will work just fine for you.."		
5	:	"Easy to use...no trouble casting to the device at all, and no trouble getting the device recognized by a win 10 sys.  Sound really good...could have more volume, but they don't want to deafen anyone!  I am glad I made this choice."		
4	:	"Really fine inexpensive headphones.  I use it to watch movies on my MacBook and it does quite well, including vocal synching.  I haven't tried phone calls so can't review the mic.  The fit is quite nice - true ear covering phones."		
4	:	"I have ben trying these headphones out. They have been great. I like the soound, bass isn't to heavy. The feel of the band and earcups is soft. After a few hours of use my ears were a bit sore. Hopefully they may loosens up after a bit more wear."		
1	:	"I was VERY disappointed with this purchase! The headphones made a crackling sound the very first time I used them - so I looked over the item carefully and saw no visible damage to them. But they sounded like there was a ""short"" in them. We returned them the very next day."		
5	:	"They are so great.  Love them, love them love them.  They are comfy, have great sound and very easy to operate.  The only thing that would make them better is if the usb symbol was on the cord so you knew which side was right side up when plugging in to charge."		
5	:	"Very nice, great to walk around the house and still hear TV audio and music. Another benefit, my wife can sleep with the TV sound off while I watch and hear TV programing in the bedroom. Sweet!"		
4	:	The initial listening experience is pleasant. The volume doesn't go up very high but I suppose that will save my hearing. The operation and connection is very simple. They are comfortable around the ears and are not heavy on the head. I know they aren't Bose or Sony but for sub-$100 headphones they are impressive.		
4	:	I love these headphones the only problem that I have with them is that when I have them on it makes you alot hotter when you work outside all day and now all of sudden they ended up shutting off on me and now they will not turn on or anything if they do its only for about 3-5 seconds and there off again dont worry there not dead the battery is totally full it the red light will come on for 1 second I tried to get ahold of the seller but hasnt wrote me back yet or called about them I cant figure out how to call them		
4	:	Left speaker stopped working after 3 months of use.EDIT:They sent me a free replacement that I have had no problems with it. Bluetooth is great.		
5	:	These headphones are great. I have some that cost twice the price that does not sound any better and do not feel as good as these. They pair so much faster and so much easier to operate. Also the head band is so soft.		
5	:	"Comfortable fit, a genuine relief from ear buds.  Also, it works both as a wired and Bluetooth (wireless) device."		
5	:	I've been asking my friends to try these because the sound quality is so great. I've been listening to my favorite songs because it's like hearing them all over again. The flexible bits promise it won't break over and over again like the $300 Bose headphones I used to have. You can even move one ear off to listen to someone and it's not awkward. Putting it around your neck is a bit awkward though.		
5	:	"These are the best earphones that I ever owned!  Easy to use both with bluetooth or connected cord (included).  They are very comfortable to wear and they look really good, like they cost $300!  Comes with a high quality carrying case."		
5	:	"Before this, my best headphones were the high rated Koss pro 4 AA. These of course are better. The pro 4 AA's were pure ANALOG quality. Yours are pure DIGITAL quality."		
5	:	"We were going on a trip to Paris; long flight!  I knew we wanted noise-canceling, and comfortable.  However, I wasn???t willing to pay the price for that brand that started with a ???B.???  These are wonderful for the price!!!  VERY comfortable, soft, nice sound quality and LOVE that they fold to store and come with a velvet storeage bag.  I???d highly recommend!!"		
5	:	"So far I am very satisfied. The sound is better than expected; a rich, full sound. The fit is snug, as in they won't slide off or move about, and extremely comfortable. I would definitely recommend them!"		
5	:	"At this price, I didn???t expect a great deal.  I use the almost exclusively with my iPad.  The sound is really, really good.  The base is surprising in its depth.  ???Hotel California??? sounds unbelievable.  The set is well made, folds easily and has its own bag.  I highly recommend these phones."		
5	:	"The last headphones (over the ear) I purchased were a pair of wired Sony's for $20-$30. These headphones are BT (no wires). They sound amazing. I have not used them to have a phone conversations, but I have paired them with my iPhone and my laptop. I have listened to Spotify, Xfinity, Tunein, etc. while these headphones were connected to either my iPhone or laptop. I definitely recommend them."		
5	:	"I loved them. I'm a little hard of hearing and used them to hear clearly when my hearing are aids are out. Unfortunately the puppies got 'em. ""But, they're so cute"". I'll have to order some more."		
5	:	"These are really super headphones. Good sound, so comfy. Although I've had them for a bit, first time today connecting to my iTunes library on MacbookPro. Range was really good. Highly recommended."		
5	:	"Great sound,clear. Comfortable to use and wear. Connecting 2 devices is very convenient. It's a big headset for indoor use or in the car, wldnt use it outdoors while shopping etc. But appreciate how well it works holding the connection farther than others I've used."		
5	:	"I can???t really compare this to a set of headphones that are more than $300, but I can tell you that these $30 ones sound like they should cost that much! They???re ridiculously comfortable, noise blocking, and sound incredible! Easy to sync to your other devices( even synced to two devices simultaneously) and they charge relatively fast.  Designing all day just got a lot more enjoyable thanks to these babies. So beyond happy with these!"		
5	:	Work great and sound pretty good too. Only issue I have I think is more to do with my cheapo bluetooth dongle than these headphones and that's random maybe once per week disconnect for no reason.		
5	:	"It won't stay connected to my kindle Fire HD 8 for more than a few minutes.When I wrote this, I thought I was past the return date. Without being asked, the vendor (Patozon) sent me a new headset. I have tested the new set and it works perfectly. I have never seen customer service work as well as this. They explained their return policy and guarantee (45-day money back satisfaction guarantee and an 18-month manufacturers' warranty). I whole hardedly recommend this product and this vendor."		
4	:	"I just got these yesterday and they are very easy to sync up, sound is very good, all is good so far. My biggest complaint is the sheer size of them. They are very large around the ears, so large I am hesitating taking them to the gym and out in public. I may have to return them for an option that is smaller or flatter around the ears."		
4	:	"It sounds pretty good and it's range is long enough for most tasks like chores, etc. The one negative thing about this product is that for phone calls, according to my friend, did not sound so great on his end. Other than that if you plan on just getting these for listening only, I would recommend it. It also has an aux cord feature, which I really enjoy using if I can't access a Bluetooth device at certain times."		
5	:	These Bluetooth Headphones are a real value.  They are very comfortable.  They work wonderful with my Macbook Pro.		
5	:	Great headphones for the price. Love the feature of wireless listening through the bluetooth feature. All round i am very happy with my purchase		
4	:	"The ear cushion of the headphones broke off after gentle at-work use (no transport or anything!) for about two months. These headphones have a cool look and decent noise muffling, but I wouldn't really recommend them for sound or for quality.Update: After I left this review, they did ship me a free replacement. Since they made it right, I'm upping my review to four stars."		
5	:	"Love this product, i use it to run when i am watching tv and it lasts long with perfect outside noise reduction and perfect sound, recommended."		
5	:	They are very comfortable and almost totally noise cancelling.  The sound quality is great too!		
4	:	"Good headphones for the price. Use them outside cutting lawn and other noisy activities without worrying about breaking them. Upgraded to a true noise cancelling for travel and noticed a big improvement. You get what you pay for, but I would buy these again for the $"		
5	:	"These headphones are excellent quality and, although I just got them, they feel really durable. The sound is fantastic and it's easy to pair and carry around in the cloth bag  they come in. I really believe I made the right choice. They were shipped and delivered immediately and everything the seller said they were. Would buy again."		
5	:	"Great set of headphones. I bought these for my wife to watch television and the sound is great, the construction of the headphones seems to be solid. I will definitely recommend this product."		
2	:	"The price was great so I thought that I???d give these a shot. They are comfortable and the sound quality is great. BUT after two months, the ear pads fell off and they won???t go back on. Super frustrating and I???m going to have to throw them out as the return period has passed."		
5	:	sound great and have been using for weeks now and battery is staying charged.		
4	:	"Works great, wire that came with headphones had a cracking sound in it, replaced with a new one, back to working and sounding great."		
5	:	"The sound is good, it paired easily and they are comfortable to wear.  I haven't had them long enough to see how long the battery lasts.My one minor gripe is that a short press on the plus arrow should change volume and a long press should go to the next song.  It works the other way around.I also like the looks and the buttons are easy to use without taking it off your head."		
5	:	"Amazing headphones. Sound great, feel great and quality is great. Definitely recommend. If purchased, get the mpow case they offer for it. That way you can keep them safe when not used. Great product."		
5	:	I loved these headphones until one side stopped working in the bluetooth mode.**** Revised review. Seller contacted me and sent me a new pair of headphones. Awesome customer service! New headphones work great so far. I love the comfort and sound quality is awesome.		
5	:	"Got this in March 6 and still using it (June 19)! It's so comfortable, it covers my ear completely. It's easy to pack away since it can fold inwards. The battery lasts pretty long. I do wish it had some indication or battery bars on the side to let me know if the battery is running low or not. Other than that this is totally worth it. The sound is amazing"		
5	:	Comfortable over the ear bluetooth headphones. Eliminates most external sound.  Also works as corded headphones. Happy with purchase so far.		
4	:	"The quality of these headphones are great.  The look is pretty nice as well.  I got the black with red accents.  When I first put them on and heard the surround sound of the show I was watching, I was impressed.  For the price,it???s a no-brainer. It came with a cloth bag but you can get a hard case on Amazon if you prefer one of those.  They can get loud too and there is some sound that may escape the really comfortable ear pads but it???s worth it in my opinion."		
5	:	"I purchased these for my husband to use at work and he loves them. The sound is excellent and they are very comfortable. They do an ""ok"" job at blocking out sound around him; which is fine for him since he uses them at work and still needs to hear if the phone rings or if someone needs to speak with him. This is an EXCELLENT product for the price and we highly recommend."		
5	:	"great sound, i went to my bed room upstairs while my phone is downstairs in the living room and still sounded great. will buy again from seller. great custumer surport."		
5	:	Very comfortable. I use them for audio books so everyone doesn???t have to listen.  One of my better ???sight unseen??? buys.		
5	:	These are great wireless headphones for the price. Very lightweight and comfortable. Awesome sound fidelity and volume.  Just as good or better than more expensive pair I own.		
5	:	"I'm a bit of a music snob. That being said, they're worth the price. Sound is good. Not lacking in much. Buy em, buy Tool's 10,000 Days, buy mushrooms, ingest mushrooms, play Tool and melt."		
5	:	"For the price, these things are great!! Everyone that had tried them on was super impressed. For the price, The sound is a lot better than anyone expects! Highs and Lows all sound good. Not too heavy and adjust easily. They can get hot on your ears, but expect that with over ear headphones"		
2	:	"Update: Purchased in Jan 2018 and now May 2018, they have stopped working. No bluetooth or cord sound from left side. They are now going into the electronics dump drawer.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I use these at work for listening to Skype calls and online training videos. It works very over bluetooth. The sound is OK but not great and the external sound blocking is also OK. Obviously these are not $200 or eve $125 headphones but are very nice sub $50 bluetooth head phones.These are not your gym headphones because they are big and fit loosely. That is the only reason I took a star off."		
5	:	I use these with my iPhone and iPad for youtube and they work great. Good tone and a comfortable fit. Very well made and a great value.		
5	:	"Easy to operate and pair with my PC.  Good quality of construction, and pleasant sound quality."		
4	:	"I was worried when I initially bought this product because I had never heard of the brand. However, I was not disappointed. They came charged and I did not have to charge them for three days, under very heavy use. Sound quality could be better, however, for the price it is excellent quality."		
5	:	"For the price, these are a real bargain. Very comfortable cushions. Fits my big head and ears fine. Good all around sound range and bass is decent. Highly recommended."		
5	:	"I have a pair of wired beats by Dre and was looking for a Bluetooth pair of headphones to use in situations where I don???t want a wire. So after reading other great reviews I decided to buy these. They have a great sound, great battery, and nice low end bass. I would have to say these are pretty compatible too the beats...."		
5	:	"Fantastic Wireless Headphones!!! Zero complaints, they are comfortable, fit well, sound fantastic and literally never run out of battery. Cannot go wrong with these!"		
5	:	"Get it, you can???t go wrong, especially for the price!  They sound fantastic for watching shows on my iPad,which was my main purpose for buy8ng them.  They are very comfortable!! I don???t know what people are complaining about them being uncomfortable. I can watch a whole movie and they are super comfortable!"		
5	:	These have only been I???mm y possession for a week. So far I???m enjoying them. Not fully  noise canceling but for the price these are great.		
5	:	"A perfect product for my use made with high quality materials.  I???m impressed with how comfortable it is as well as the sound it delivers.  And, you can???t beat the price point!"		
5	:	Very comfortable! Sounds amazing. They are easy to fold up and fit in a purse or travel bag. Took them on a plane and couldn't hear anything but my movie I was watching. Great noise cancelling.		
5	:	Great for the price. Sounds great. I like the fact that you can use the cable with it. As well as wireless.Fits nicely. Synced super easy. Why spend so much on beats or others.		
4	:	"Headset works great for the price.  Battery is longer lasting than other brands that I tried.Although it is very bulky looking, it is comfortable and lightweight."		
5	:	Super headphones at an unbelievable price!  These are better sounding than my Sennheisers.		
5	:	Good sound for a reasonable price.  Were very easy to pair with the Mpow Bluetooth transmitter I also bought.		
5	:	First pair of Bluetooth headphones and can say that I am absolutely pleased with them.  They are very comfortable wearing over the ear and the top of head also.  Sound was really pleasing with the bass just right. Controls are real easy to manage.  Pairing with laptop and TV was a breeze  Definitely a good deal for the price.		
4	:	The sound is great and is comfortable to wear. Charges quickly and are easy to set up. Definitely a steal for the price.		
5	:	Very nice set of Headphone.  They're super comfortable and connected to my television with ease. There is no sync problems between the television and headphones.		
5	:	I love this! Been using ear buds with my computer every time I would move they were pulled out of my ears. These give me free mobility as I do anything on my computer be it binge watching to listening to music up to 10 meters away from my device. I don't know how I lived without tgem!		
4	:	"Fantastic range. Sounds great... and I have hearing issues. Fairly comfy too. If it holds up and keeps working, I'll come back and give them that last coveted Star."		
5	:	Was tired of in ear headphones as they always come out when running. These stay on and sound good enough for me. Long battery life also		
5	:	"Very comfortable with a nice sound, both wired and via BT. Very similar to the Avantree Audition (red/black) BT headphones."		
5	:	"Loved these and they worked great until they stopped working after 3-4 months. No support options or options to return at this point leave me frustrated.EDIT: after posting this i got a nice email telling  me they were resending the headphones to me, solving my issue. Thanks!"		
5	:	"What a great bargain for how well these sound, and how easy they pair with anything I had tried :D  very happy, sound is great too, they have very nice bass."		
5	:	Very comfortable fit and great sound for a much more reasonable price than the main brands. Highly recommend these if you don't want to spend a fortune. Light weight too and comes with a soft bag to store them in.		
5	:	They work amazing for the price. I use them when in bed and I???ll leave them turned on all night and it will still have a almost fully charged in the morning. The battery is great I charge it about once a week and I would say is better and more comfortable then big name brand headphones. They are amazing and would recommend to get.		
4	:	Very easy to use.  Voice tells you what it is doing. My first Bluetooth anything.  Very long distance reception.  Just keep in mind it does not come with a charger but likely you have one sitting in a drawer that will work.  I did.		
5	:	"I have not tried them yet so I can't attest to their build and sound quality, but from I've seen personally they seem well made and of quality materials."		
3	:	"They're really comfortable and they're pretty durable. The sound quality is ok, but for the price it's pretty good, if you're looking for headphones to just just listen to music and chill or watch YouTube then they're great, but if you're looking for really high sound quality these aren't for you. Also note the controls are pretty weird, you have to use the same buttons to switch songs and change the volume so it can get annoying"		
5	:	"Very easy to pair, the audio cues were  an unexpected helpful surprise, the controls were easy to find and use, and the sound was quite good."		
5	:	"My son Loves them , the audio  technology is amazing , built with  very good quality, and very cozy for long wear"		
4	:	Just a little too large to fit without sliding but my daughter is still pleased overall.		
5	:	"Ordered for my son. I tried them. The ear cuffs are very soft, the weight is light and they are not bulky. He uses them with XBOX1 and paired them up easily and flawlessly using an attached Bluetooth transmitter connected to his TV. These are not active noise-cancelling but the ear cuffs fit so well the cost of active cancelling was not justified as these work just as well."		
5	:	I paired these successfully with a laptop and a desktop computer.  Both voice and classical music are reproduced quite well by this model.  They are comfortable to wear		
5	:	Excellent sound. Be sure your fone is searching at the same time the headfones are to make the connection. These are not noise cancelling headfones tho.		
5	:	So far so good with these headphones. They don???t get super loud but that???s ok because they are loud enough. Very clear and the battery lasts a good amount of time. Overall I???m very happy with my purchase. I hope they stand the test of time .		
5	:	"Love these headphones! could make the headphone jack a bit bigger, but you cant get this quality at this price normally! I have 2 of these!"		
5	:	"The headphones came on time and as promised.  I have only been using them for a little over a week, but they had no problem connecting to my iPhone, and the sound is very good.  I have absolutely nothing bad to say at this point, and for the price, these headphones are worth every penny."		
5	:	"This is my fifth attempt at finding a headset to jog with.  This  is perfect. Comfortable, long charge, great sound."		
5	:	The headphone was used mostly by my special need daughter. It was very comfortable for her long hours use watching movies on her tablets. It was the first headphone that  she did not complain about due to its light weight and softness. Three to four month into use and it stopped charging. The 5 stars goes to the company and their wonderful service. They paid for the return shipping cost and sent me a new one within few days. It was an amazing experience.		
4	:	"For the price, these headphones are fine. Unlike the previous pair of more expensive headphones I had, the usb charging port on these is actually the correct size. The buttons on the headpiece are also raised so that you can actually feel them with your fingers, which is nice. The sound quality does leave something to be desired, but they are cheap headphones, so that can only be expected."		
4	:	I really like this headset. I use it more for my IPad. It is comfortable. Sounds good.		
5	:	Wow these are comfortable and the battery lasts a long time. Works very well with my Samsung galaxy 8+		
4	:	you'll get your money's worth out of it. originally i was sent a faulty product but the company was kind enough to send me a replacement and it works much better than the first one.		
5	:	Great sound quality with my pandora on blue tooth!! But I can???t get it to use or know how to set it up with my tv I have a sound bar..		
5	:	"I love these headphones! Wasn't sure what to expect, with the deal I got,  but I was pleasantly surprised. Received them on Friday, had a YouTube music videothon and it was fantastic! Wonderful sound, weight is not heavy. Perfect!"		
5	:	My wife loves the bluetooth headphones.  The quality is very high and sound is perfect.		
5	:	"Great for the price. Not necessarily noise cancelling, but outside sounds are definitely muffled when wearing these headphones. My ears start to hurt after a while when wearing them, but could just be because I have multiple piercing in both ears. Like that it has both Bluetooth and plug-in option. Good buy for active runners who prefer to listen to music while working out. Would buy again, and would recommend to a friend."		
4	:	Hurts my head for them to be on too long. Something about them being really stiff		
5	:	"I was worried if I will waste my money but after seeing 1000's of good reviews for the previous version of this model, I went for it. One of the best pair of can's I have ever bought. They work perfect and look absolutely stylish. They don't look cheap at all, go for it."		
5	:	Outstanding value.  I'd been using a less expensive pair of wireless headphones but needed an over-ear type because of the noise in my workplace.  Not only did these substantially reduce the noise but the sound quality is first rate.  I'd forgotten how good some of my favorite tunes sound.  These headphones put a smile on my face.		
5	:	I have to buy another set for myself. My husband is using them all the time.  He loves them.  Sound is great and noise-cancelling/blocking is great. He can't hear me when I talk to him; I have to wave or poke him in the shoulder to get his attention.		
5	:	"My second pair.  These are for my wife. She really liked the sound and the comfort of the light headphones.  Ear buds don???t work for her.  Very good merchant, quick service, absolutely recommend the product and the seller"		
5	:	"These are comfortable and have great sound. Kinda big and clunky looking, but I'm sure that's part of what makes them so good."		
5	:	VERY comfortable. Fit over my rather large head and ears without a problem and with room to spare. Great sound.		
5	:	I am truly please with my purchased!  They sound good and fit comfortable.  I got all of this at a great price!  Yahoo!		
5	:	Use it every night while husband is watching TV.  These earphones cancel out enough of the TV sound that I barely know that it is on.		
5	:	"For under $40.00 these headphones are awesome!Light and very comfortable ~ the sound quality and battery life are phenomenal.The only gripe I have is with the storage bag, if you fold them with the ear cushions toward each other and try to put them in the bag it stretches the wires. If you fold them with the plastic backs toward each other and try to put them in the bag, it sometimes presses the power-up button re-powering the headphones."		
5	:	"Can barely hear what???s goin on around me which is good, but the sound quality is expected to be the way it is because of price."		
5	:	"Well, this headset is well put together, very light, comfortable very easy to connect no issues with them once connected ""no need to pair again"". Battery life so far very good. Most important the sound quality it exceeded my expectations. From blues, jazz and my fav death and black metal wow this sound amazing. Now I hope they last a long time."		
4	:	Great headphones!  Use them everyday - sound is great and battery lasts a long time.		
5	:	"They are very comfortable & that's very important to me, & they sound great."		
1	:	"Worked great for about 10 months then just CRAPPED out suddenly for no apparent reason. It's going to be difficult to find a replacement pair that is not another ""Made in China"" POS. Forty bucks down the drain."		
5	:	These are incredible for the price. Got them for my daughter and tried them out. Surprised by the clarity and volume.		
5	:	"Would give it 10 stars if they had it. Sounds really good, blocks out other outside noise, and is very comfortable. Great price too!"		
4	:	These headphones are very comfortable and deliver much better sound than my previous earbuds.  I also find that they do not slide off of my bald head at all.  My one complaint is with the volume buttons.  No matter how long I hold them they always skip to the next track.  So much so I try not to adjust the volume at all.		
4	:	A very nice headphone but too large in size even foldup. Not a good idea to carry for travel but ok if u really need to. The over the ear design is good too.		
5	:	"1- Excellent Sound2- Excellent Noise Reduction3- Very comfortable,4- Batteries Last 8 hours"		
4	:	"Very comfortable to wear. Not too heavy. Good coverage Over the ears. High Quality Audio, which is very important to me."		
5	:	"Works as advertised. Paired easily with my phone and chromebook. Have not had a chance to check the battery life, but works well with what I use."		
4	:	Headphones came as described! Good sound quality. Only four stars because it looks odd on someone with a small head (like me) especially with the adjuster part on both sides pushed all the way up. It does fit though and it???s not really the headphones fault I have a small head.		
5	:	I use these at my monthly infusions for my MS... these allow me to zone out and listen.  I love how they fold down when not used.		
3	:	"Tried these 3 times at the gym and they are simply too heavy. These are LARGE over ear phones better suited to a recliner for watching TV, listening to music or related activities. Trying to decide it I should keep them or send them back. I really wanted to like these phones but as I said, for the gym, they are simply a no-go due to weight.Too bad because setup is simple, instructions are intuitive and the phones pair quickly with an iPhone 7 plus. The three buttons/controls are located on the right side of the phones for easy access and they work well for volume and track changes but take a little practice to get right. There is no ""fast forwarding"" on tracks.Sound quality is very good - surprising bass balanced with a solid mid range while lacking the ""tinny"" sound of most in-earbuds that I've used for years. These aren't going to top $300 Beats Solo 3 phones but for $30, I was pleasantly surprised but could not bear the weight at the gym - these bounce around a lot with any activity."		
5	:	Purchased these for my husband as a gift and they are nice!! Great sound quality and comfortable.		
5	:	"Bought a lot of headphones for working out, these ones are pretty good.  Easy to use, easy to connect to my phone/ipad, feel pretty comfortable even though I don't like the over the ear types usually.  Wireless function makes it easy to work out in them too.  It's only been a month and no issues so far, but for how cheap they are, if they only last 6 they'd be more than worth it."		
5	:	"awesome headphones but the left side stopped working after a few months. also, the controls are annoying. You have to long press to change the volume, and short press to change tracks, so be careful approaching those buttons.Edit: they decided to send me a new one. Five stars because it really is a nice headphone. Very long battery life too."		
5	:	The first one I received sounded very staticy and was not good quality so I sent the item back and requested a refund. I received my refund and they still sent me a replacement. I must have received a faulty one because the second one is amazing great sound quality and great range. Better range than my $200 turtle Beach headphones. Great quality. Great price!		
5	:	These are very nice headphones.  I walk about an hour a day and these lose about 10% charge in a week.  I have the cable connector also but I've been using the bluetooth for its convenience.  I have the volume around half way up for an iphone and that's pretty comfortable for me.  I tested the mic once but don't use it often.		
4	:	"I'm sure there are way better (and pricier headphones) out there.  However, these are pretty good in terms of bang for your buck.  They're comfy, sound is ok (could use a little more bass), and feel well made.  Hope the battery lasts."		
5	:	Loved it but stopped working and was not able to reorder. What a waste of money!		
1	:	"Do not purchase these headphones. I purchased these in late July, it is now early December and last week the bluetooth signal started cutting in and out and it randomly unpairs. I would return them if I could."		
5	:	Purchased for the wireless capability. Blocks out outside noise better than I expected. Love them.		
5	:	"it has only been a few days, but so far... I am more than happy, the quality is amazing for the price. Haven't ran the battery dead yet, but used them a few days in a row at the gym for around 2-3 hours each time. highly recommend"		
5	:	"What a great value and fantastic sound quality!I bought these for my husband's long flight, and they are exactly what is needed.I'm impressed!"		
5	:	"Great feel, look and performance. Not Premium, but good value for the money."		
4	:	"Product's build quality competes with my $300 Sony over ears. The bluetooth connectivity extends much further than most expensive headphones I've purchased. And the battery life is truly beyond my wildest expectations, 40 hrs just as advertised. Only downfall is the sound quality isn't mind blowing but for the price it's definitely worth the purchase."		
5	:	"So far these are amazing! I have ordered 4 sets of headphones to try out in the past two weeks and these are the best.  They were the cheapest of the 4 and they had the best comfort, range and sound of the 4.  Very happy I must say."		
5	:	I can hear the TV or computer from a distance and the sound is clearer.  Love it.		
5	:	"I have had this product for 5 months now and it is unbelievable how overall good this headphones are. For the price you are paying you will definitely will get you money's worth! I can compare this headphones to ""high-quality"", ""recognized brand"", etc and still hold their ground! I am just happy I made this purchase."		
4	:	"Great for the price, pretty comfy, and good sound.  I'm not a huge music person (I use these to listen tti podcasts at work mostly), but they last all day, including train commute, and feel pretty good the whole time."		
4	:	"For the price, excellent product. Sound is good for both music and call quality."		
5	:	Wife loves them so far. Great price. It???s no Bose but for the money it???s worth it.		
5	:	Love these headphones! Works pretty far away from my phone which is what I wanted. Amazing sound quality! I have recommended them to several friends. Very comfortable too!		
4	:	"Very comfortable and easy to use. I like that they can be either Bluetooth compatible, as well as used with a wire. A good set of earphones that are reasonably priced."		
5	:	"I gave these to my father-in-law who uses them all day long as he is going through cancer treatment. He absolutely loves them. When he had an issue with them, I sent the seller an email and he worked with me to resolve my issue and got my father-in-law back to listening music quickly."		
5	:	Very comfortable.  I first brought the Sony earbuds wireless but they had issues.		
1	:	Does not charge up.  Completely useless. Would like to know how to return or Exchange for a functionable set		
3	:	"Just received this product. Fully charged and the left speaker doesn???t work.  Sucks!  They seem decent quality but apparently not.  Now I need to print off a label, drive to UPS store across town and ship back.  Wait on the money to be put back into my account. Kinda annoying.UPDATE 3/17/18.Company reached out to me about my previous review.  They sent me a replacement at no expense to insure that I am a satisfied customer.The free replacement is much appreciated and I am currently trying them out and plan to give a review after an extensive time wearing them.  I work 12 hour shifts on nights and listen to podcast basically the full duration of my shift.  I also work around loud equipment and noise cancellation is import.  As of now the headphones are working properly and are sastifactory.  The sound quality is decent especially for he price.  They do get a little rattle sound when a song has heavy base.The noise cancellation is really good considering they don???t fit super right against your head.My biggest complaint is the controls.  I hate the skip forward or backward when you tap the up or down arrow.  I???m sure I???ll get use to the controls but unless you hold the sound volume button for a at least two seconds it will skip track.Another plus is the comfort level.  I haven???t had any issue with pressure points or fatigue from headphones.I???ll do a finale review when I get a few more days or weeks with these.As of now I prefer my Skull Candy Hesh 2.  Although they cost twice as much and aren???t as comfortable on my ears.  Skull Candy Hesh 2 has outstanding battery life and the controls are superior.I???ll be back with more.Just wanted to say thinks for sending out a free pair to make me happy."		
5	:	I love the static free sound Also it has a good range I can hear my TV anywhere I go in my house I have no complaints at all it hooks up to my TV real quick		
5	:	Use these everyday at work for business and tunes.		
5	:	"Good sound,  a little tricky to set up since we bought two identical sets,  but great bargain and worth every penny."		
5	:	"Exactly as advertised, really really nicely made top quality and comfortable for hours of wear."		
4	:	"I have Windows 8, but had to install the software.  First time it didn't work, uninstalled and installed again, then it worked OK.  The headband seems a little snug or I'd give it 5 stars.  Sound quality and range is great."		
1	:	Pur?? piece of garbage. Second pair in less than a week and the cups just fall apart alone. Worst money ever spent. Don't know if it's the model or a special batch but I got screwed twice.		
5	:	"I'm not a professional in the field, but I can say that these headphones are a great value for the money. The sound is very good, I cannot even tell the difference between them and my daughter's beats which cost a fortune. I use them daily at work for long hours with ought discomfort and the battery charge lasts for days!  I definitely recommend them."		
1	:	I have bought four headphones since March 2018. I like the sound but so far 2 have stopped recharging within six months of use.  The customer service is ok. The manufacter replaced the first one that stopped recharging so now I have owned a total of five in nine months with two already failing.		
5	:	"Very comfortable to wear even for long hours at a time. Great for gaming to hear all the nuance sounds and ambience of the games, great bass and noise cancelling effects!"		
5	:	Very good quality for the price.  Pairs easily.  Battery life good.		
5	:	I???ve only used them a couple of times so far but they are very comfortable and easy to use and the sound is really good.  I was happy with the quality and the price.		
3	:	"I purchased two pair and all I can say is ??? You get what you pay for ??? . Seemed to be the purific solution but alas they last. One lasted about  Four months and the other about Six months. Well, back the drawing board."		
5	:	Got these to replace the 150.00 jaybird ear buds I can't stand.  These headphones are like a soft pair of tits surrounding my ears. Music quality is amazing.		
5	:	"Easy connection. Also, supports multiple connections, so it can be shared between a laptop and a cell phone. And the sound quality surpasses earbuds."		
5	:	Fell asleep while using these headphones and woke up with them still on. No pain or discomfort on my ears.Battery life is great.Was able to use these while playing drums to music. The sound isn???t super bassy and full but for the price they have solid cut.Good build. They don???t feel super cheap.For the price all around I???m very pleased.		
5	:	"easy to use. sound is excellent especially for this price. Have worn them for multi-hour stretches, very comfortable"		
5	:	"This headphones are great. The sound and built quality you get for the price it's very good. The only thing I dont like is the way in which buttons are used. For increasing or decresing volume you have to make a long press in the plus o minus bottons, a simple click wont dont anything. The same goes for power on/off, 4 seconds hold down is too much."		
5	:	Haven't used these much but I am satisfied so far. Good quality. Comfortable. Good sound. Connect to Bluetooth easily.		
5	:	"Before purchasing these, I read some reviews that stated the bass was weak, but they sound great to me! Glad I chose these! Very light and very comfortable. It also comes with a USB charging cord, an audio cord (in case you don't use bluetooth), and a carrying pouch."		
5	:	Great quality sound and battery life.		
5	:	I LOVE THAT I CAN ENJOY THE MUSIC AND IT LOUD IS GREAT		
5	:	Bought to work with a new Samsung smart TV that has bluetooth.  Wife is a light sleeper and I use these to watch TV and movies when she turns in early.  Great sound and very comfortable.  Pleased with the headphone and feel these are a great value for the price.		
5	:	These work great.		
5	:	I love that it drowns out the office noise. My coworkers can???t hear my music when I have it turned up loud.		
5	:	"Comfortable, would have like to know if they automatically turn off after a certain time, to save battery. Instructions did not cover that."		
4	:	"GREAT sound, love the over-ear design. Only flaws for me personally; there???s a bit of a delay when I use the next/previous track controls. Also, those same buttons are used for volume control, and it???s impossible (for me) to get the controls to do what I want them to do. Overall though, I???d still recommend."		
5	:	"I just got them yesterday but am very happy so far. The only downside is that they turn off automatically for inactivity and need to be paired with Bluetooth every time. Also, since I???m using them during work (I???m a cook), partial noice canceling works perfectly!"		
5	:	"I love these! They're comfortable, they hold a long charge, they're very easy to use don't hurt my ears, and the sound is fantastic. Being Wireless is a gift!"		
5	:	Got these for when I use the riding mower. Paired them to my phone easy peasy! Sound is good too. Happy with my purchase so far		
4	:	"Light weight, pair easily, good sound quality. My only concern is that they are a bit bulky."		
5	:	"Great headphones. Block a decent amount of noise, good quality sound. excellent choice."		
5	:	"These headphones connect to my iPhone super fast and don???t drop the connection. Also, they fold up neatly."		
5	:	"Clear sound, great value!As good as beats, Sony or any other brand you may put this against. Certainly a fair price if it hangs in there."		
5	:	We were very impressed in the quality of sound and the sturdiness of the product. Our son rarely takes them off and they???ve held up to his abuse.		
5	:	"So far so good , bluetooth work well . sound quality aceeptable."		
4	:	"I wanted a pair of headphones that I could wear at work all day.  They work pretty well for that, they are not too heavy and the sound is good.  I wish they blocked external sound a little bit better, I don't want to turn them up too loud, at lower volumes I can still hear others around me."		
5	:	"Very comfortable, excellent sound quality, excellent value."		
5	:	These headphones are very comfortable and the sound is good. 'Just what I was looking for.		
5	:	"I love these! Sound quality is excellent and I've been able to connect to both my Windows 10 laptop as well as my MacBook Air. They're light-weight and don't press on my ears. As far as sound cancellation, I don't believe they're marketed as such but they do block a lot of external noise. I've had the headphones for a week and so far I've found that 15 to 20 hours of use is accurate. I've not tried the mic."		
5	:	Very good price with exceptional sound quality. Simple and clear instructions and set up was a breeze. Extremely comfortable and they're so light that after a while you'll forget your wearing them. I would definitely recommend them!		
5	:	Awesome headphones great price		
4	:	"These headphones exceed my expectation.  Easy to set up, good sound (audio books) and low price.  Range is good too."		
5	:	Will not pair with my ps4 which is reason I got them overall not bad though		
4	:	Very comfortable even with glasses on. From the 1 stars I thought this would fall off and be uncomfortable. Way way more comfortable than my corded Sade???s (SA-901) that I got. Mic quality is nothing compared to Sade???s or any headset with a long microphone arm. Use it everyday.		
5	:	So far so good like ???Hammer??? says ???PROPER!???		
5	:	"I've only had the headphones for a week, so I cannot comment on their longevity. That said, the build quality feels solid and they produce good sound. Battery life is acceptable."		
5	:	"Great quality, nice sound, especially for the price. I'm writing this review while using the headphones for the first time so I cannot comment on the battery life."		
4	:	Excellent value and great sound!!		
5	:	These headphones are very comfortable and don't pinch my ears. The sound is great.		
4	:	They squeeze my ears for some reason but I like the headphones and the sound is good.		
5	:	"Lightweight, comfortable, doesn't let outside noise in. Easy to connect/disconnect."		
4	:	"The first one I bought broke after few days but they sent me a new one Very quickly. As of now, it???s working as expected!"		
5	:	This is a great product well worth the money I've had it now for about 6 weeks and I've haven't yet had to charge it but there again I only use it about an hour or two hours every other day for working out		
5	:	"Love these!  Great material,sound, perfect!"		
5	:	Very nice; reasonably priced		
5	:	My husband loves them. I appreciate not having to hear the quick videos he watches and his music.		
5	:	I've had this headset for a while now and for the money it is a very nice product. For me it sounds great and has held up well. I would recommend it for everyday use.		
5	:	Great sound.  Very comfortable and easily connected to various devices.		
5	:	I purchased the head phones for my granddaughter and she loved them. Impressed with the idea of Bluetooth and the great sound of the music.		
2	:	Have had them since the 29th of may. They no longer hold a charge.  What can i do they are for my 83 year old father who can't hear well		
5	:	I???ve had these headphones about 3.5 weeks now. They are amazing. They still have 50% battery life and I???ve used them for about about 90min a day.		
5	:	I use them just on the TV.  We are now going to buy a 2nd pair.		
5	:	Great headphones. Great price and sound great. They paired up quickly to a iPhone		
5	:	"These are very nice,light weight,fit___over___the ears and sound good.Very happy with them."		
5	:	"Wow ! What a great deal ,very comfortable , sound great , make very well , great price , thanks"		
5	:	"For me these are a good value, the sound is good"		
5	:	Comfortable to wear. Sound is acceptable. Great price.		
5	:	Hard to see how they could be much better.		
5	:	Excellent item..every bit as good.as a friends bose $300 phones		
5	:	Great noise deadening with great sound and long battery life at a reasonable price.		
5	:	Excellent headphones! I bought them for connecting to my Playstation 4. I had never used them before and the sound is amazing! So rich and full. I am hearing things I never noticed before. Such quality for the price. They charge pretty quickly too.		
1	:	The volume was not loud enough to hear over the noise in an airplane. These actually seem to magnify the airplane noise		
5	:	I love how the headphones can be folded and that the hinge design is more durable than the sentey thorx heaphones.The bluetooth connectivity is also good.Having the wire is good to have for when you do not want to use bluetooth.Every Mpow Product has a 45 day money back & 18-month warranty.		
5	:	These are great so far and the phone feature works great as well.		
5	:	Good batterie life. Good sound quality. You can get pretty far from device.		
5	:	Amazing for the price. Work and sound like $100+++ headphones.		
2	:	Christmas present.  Worked until 5-14-18. So four an a half months is all they are good for. Will not buy again. Should last longer.		
3	:	This was comfortable to wear sound quality was good. Great for everyday wear. However to stopped working within 5 months.  The headset wouldn???t charge and it also would t turn on. Was great while it laste. product durability was a issue for me.		
4	:	Decent for the price		
5	:	I bought these for my grandson. He loves them. Great sound and good noise reductiion.		
5	:	"Good sound, great range, and I love that you can pair two devices at once."		
5	:	Really good sound and surprisingly good call quality. Comfortable feel. I highly recommend these at this price point. I'm update in a few months.		
5	:	"My first wireless headphone, took it with me on a 15 hour airplane ride to Thailand. Best thing I had on the plane!!!! Comfy and not too heavy. Even fell asleep with them on!"		
5	:	These are a great pair of headphones for the price. The material feels comfortable and durable the battery life is great I get 3-4 days out of these easy. My only knock would be the lack of bass but the sound quality otherwise is great		
4	:	"Really like the bass on this! The material is what you'd expect. The battery life feels like it goes pretty quick other than that I think it's worth purchasing. If you've had urbanears before this, I would consider this a bit of a step up from that"		
4	:	Use while walking and doing year work		
2	:	These are too big. I also was not happy that I had to pay for return shipping.		
5	:	had problem but manufacturer replaced .  Very happy wirh their customer service		
4	:	These work very good. Just wish they had an separate on/off switch.		
5	:	"Comfortable, good quality, and remarkably affordable for what you get."		
5	:	"Very comfortable to wear,sound is great."		
5	:	"Light, comfy to wear even with glasses, great battery life all for an affordable price. I bought these headphones to use at my desk while doing homework & they block out a reasonable amount of sound while not clamping down too hard. I have a huge head & I was pleasantly surprised to find that they fit so well."		
4	:	"I've had these headphones three and a half months, and as of this morning April 30th, they will no longer hold a charge in the battery. Very disappointed.Update 5/15/18I was sent a replacement pair this weekend. So far so good, appreciate the customer service!"		
5	:	"Excellent sound, and soft cushion that does a very good job of blocking out noise.Highly recommend and at this great price."		
5	:	My son loves it! The battery Lasts for hours!		
4	:	"The outstanding sound quality is phenomenal. Although it is relatively comfortable, I can forsee it being unconfortable in warm weather since it totally encompasses your ears and would most like cause them to sweat."		
5	:	I'm no hardcore audiophile but the sound quality is better than expected for the price. Easy to operate and paired to both devices I've used it with immediately. Would definitely buy again.		
1	:	"sound quality was great and so was battery life , construction was solid , EXCEPT the fact that after 6 months the left ear cup went out completely no sound at all"		
5	:	Easy to pair works and sounds great!		
3	:	Good headphone for privacy		
4	:	Works as expected		
5	:	They work great. Really glad I bought them. Sound quality is very good.		
5	:	Exactly what I expected and a bit more.  The only struggle I have is the volume/skip song controls are a bit finicky.		
4	:	"Very comfortable, sound is good. Excellent product for the price"		
5	:	Bought these for my hubby because of the good reviews & they have not disappointed.  He LOVES them & said they're one of the best gifts he's ever gotten.		
5	:	"Good quality in build and sound, and the price is right."		
5	:	Everything about this headset is excellent.ComfortableGood sound qualityEasily storedGreat batteryIf anything I'd make a note that the packaging wasn't bad but I felt like a product of this quality deserved a better packaging.		
5	:	Very nice and easy. Perfect .		
5	:	"My headphones broke after a couple of months of use. The seller replaced with no questions. Updating to five star, given excellent customer service. The headphones are pretty nice sound and good comfort, as well, especially for the price."		
5	:	Comfortable and great clean natural audio.		
4	:	I've had these about a week and a half and they work well and are simple to use.		
3	:	"Not great quality, but they are cheap so you are getting what you pay for. They work, the quality is just not great."		
5	:	I gave these to my husband for father's day. He loves them		
5	:	Very satisfied! Works very well for my needs.		
3	:	They were good till 4 months because only 1 ear works and the bluetooth will sometimes works and sometimes won't and the charging doesn't always work basically after between 4-6 months of often use they'll break at least mine did.		
5	:	Great Bluetooth sound and very easy to operate.		
5	:	"This was an anniversary gift for my husband. He is very happy with these headphones. They are comfortable, the sound quality is great and the price was very reasonable."		
4	:	best headphones for $35		
2	:	"Well I ordered these headphones are reading many many good reviews about these being a reasonably priced pair of headphones with decent quality. So onto what my thoughts are, the headphones seem to squeeze my head and ears too much making them quite uncomfortable after extended use. I have been using them now for about 2 hours continuously and my ears are very warm! I am not sure what to do with them whether I should send them back or if I should just stick it out and keep them. The sound is really good, crisp vocals and decent bass. I really wish these we're more comfortable!!!!Overall it is tough to recommend these headphones due to the fact that they are not comfortable because of the pressure it puts on my ears!I am going to try them out for a day or 2 I suppose to see  if maybe they will become more comfortable! Will update review if they do!The build quality seems pretty good and they were very easy to pair with my pixel 2xl! They also included a nice cable if you would like to use wired, for example this will be the only way to use it with the ps4"		
5	:	I like the long battery life and the multiple devices connectivity at the same time. It sit nicely on my head and I workout with it without any bothersome movement from the headset.		
5	:	I bought s pair for myself and my husband kept stealing them so I had to buy him another pair.		
5	:	"Have been wearing them daily for a walks and haven't had to recharge yet. Great ear coverage, really comfortable! Microphone is teeny but you don't have to shout to be heard. I've left my phone on the main floor, gone to both floors and still able to get signal. So far so good!"		
5	:	"Not the most expensive pair, but the sound quality is up there with the best!"		
4	:	Comfortable over the ear listening. Adjustable to fit smaller heads.		
5	:	"Great sound for the price, comfortable, not active noise-cancelling but bulky enough to block out a lot of background noise, no issues connecting to any of my devices (even multiple devices at the same time), microphone works well enough for my purposes."		
5	:	nice headphones		
5	:	"These headphones are great and were shipped quickly.  My daughter loves that you can answer the phone with them. The storage bag is very handy as well.  My only recommendation would be that the cord charger be a little longer.  Other than that, fantastic!!"		
5	:	Love these.		
4	:	a little bulkier than expected but overall good headphones		
4	:	"Earcups smaller than posted, but they work for me. Solid bass, stronger than expected. A good purchase for the money."		
5	:	Work great for office with lots of people. Can hear calls well and they can hear me too		
5	:	"Thanks, works great!"		
5	:	Great  work as expected		
5	:	as advertised. sounds great and fits my enormous noggin.		
5	:	Excellent sound. Very comfortable to wear.		
5	:	Very happy with this product ????.		
5	:	These are awesome. They feel are extremely comfortable even for long periods of wear and sound amazing. For the price they're exceptional. Only headphones I've used that are better are Bosse but the price on those is brutal. These rock		
4	:	"Could look less ""big"" on the ears, but overall sound quality and comfort is pretty decent. The ear-cups could also be a bit longer, vertically."		
4	:	These headphones truly are over the ear headphones. I returned a pair that were to small for my not large ears. These were easy to pair to my devices and sound very good to me.		
4	:	Sounded fine.  Fell apart after only a couple months use.  UPDATE: originally gave two stars.  Upgraded to four stars due to excellent customer service and their desire to stand behind their product.  A new pair on the way.		
5	:	Much better than my previous attempts at bluetooth headphones. These are comfortable and has sound dynamics of much more expensive units. Comes with all the necessary cables and the included carry bag is a nice touch. Very easy to set up. Highly recommended.		
4	:	I use these for my radio show podcast.  Good quality.  I don't bother with bluetooth since I am at my computer during the show.  They fit snug and sound great.		
4	:	I like it. Good quality sound and change lady???s a long time		
5	:	easy to use and also easy to fold and store away.		
5	:	This item came to me in excellent condition and all the features work well. I will order again thanks		
5	:	My kid loves them		
5	:	These headphones are great.  They have very good sound and easily paired up to iphone.		
5	:	Best cost/perfomance ratio headphones out there.		
5	:	Far better than expected! Great product.		
5	:	"Easy to wear, good sound. Came fast."		
5	:	"Bought these a couple of weeks ago after my Bose QC's died. Didn't want to spend several hundred $$ on new ones,so I took a chance on these. I am VERY pleasantly surprised! Easy to pair with all my Blue Tooth devices and sound qualityis outstanding, and well the price just can not be beat! Love 'em!"		
5	:	Great product		
5	:	They are perfect and loud!! I give it * * * * *		
5	:	For the money this headphone set is about the best you could ever find.  It simply amazes me on the clarity and depth of sound.  I still cannot believe the low price.		
5	:	great for telephoe hearing also great for bluetooth tv		
5	:	Very easy to to pair. The sound quality was awesome.delivery was fast.		
5	:	"Great headphones for the price. Love the ability to use a 3.5mm jack if I don't feel like pairing or if the battery is dead (which is not often, as the battery has great life). The claim about being comfortable for extended wear has been very accurate in my experience as well."		
5	:	Wife loves it		
5	:	Right out the box they sounded great especially for the price. I would compare the quality to any good headphones that would cost you well over $100. I always read the bad reviews first and I am glad I didn???t go by what was said about them. I only have them about half way and I am not sure if I want to turn them up any louder.		
4	:	The product is very good when compared to the price for which it is offered. The sound is crystal clear specially during calls and the mic also performs good. Would definitely recommend it for someone who is looking for good quality headphones at a lower price tag.		
5	:	This is my first wireless headset and I love it the sound is great an it???s lite and very comfortable.		
5	:	"Greatheadphones, great sound."		
5	:	These are comfortable and hook up quickly to bluetooth.		
4	:	THIS WAS A GIFT FOR NY GRANDSON		
5	:	Awesome headphones! They fit over the ear - what I really needed. And the pairing & fidelity were perfect. Would buy again!		
5	:	"Great sound, easy to use.  I like these a lot."		
5	:	It works GREAT		
5	:	These are very much great. I heart them.		
4	:	"Great, they make your ears sweat (actually I do:)"		
5	:	"I've used them a few times and so far so good. The one thing I don't like is they are a bit bulky. I've also never taken a call with them, so I can't speak for that feature. I would definitely recommend them for music and audio books."		
5	:	as advertised		
4	:	"These headphones are great , I would buy them again. , I???m very satisfied with them , I use them to connect to my Mac computer, and stay connected to my iPhone at the same time"		
5	:	I bought these for my wife and she is very happy with the function and the sound quality.		
5	:	"These work great, great sound and a great price."		
5	:	"LOVE THEM, they have amazing quality and extremely comfortable to wear. The only thing I wished was better/different is I wish that the range of distance to be able to use the headphones was farther. Otherwise amazing product, best headphones I have ever purchased."		
5	:	"Very good quality, value for $$$.....Would definitely recommend"		
4	:	Beep beep lettuce.		
5	:	Have been using these nightly for some time now. They work great and hold a charge well.		
5	:	Fast shipping; cheap product. Company sent replacement. Very happy with new ones!		
4	:	Very comfy and sound is good.		
5	:	Fits and stays on with no problem. Has cord if not charged. Works at least 25 feet from source.		
5	:	"Great headset. Honestly didn't expect much, but they appear to be on par with my beats."		
5	:	Fits great and Bluetooth range appears to have been improved it???s a permanent addition to my study and briefcase. The sound is better than I expected.		
5	:	These are great headphones with amazing sound quality!		
5	:	Sound quality is superior. Makes a huge difference from last set I had.		
5	:	Great Bday gift!		
5	:	Great sound and very comfortable as it is padded all around.		
5	:	For the price I am very happy with these.  Sound is great especially for videos. Easy to pair and can stay paired with 2 devices. Also very comfortable. I'm pumped about it		
5	:	"It has expected battery life. Good material used for headphone. It is having light weight. It lags in clearing voice through microphone. Person in opposite sometimes complain about voice not coming proper. Except that part, I liked it."		
5	:	"Headphones work great, nice you don???t have to buy batteries.  Sound is good too."		
5	:	VERY pleased with this headphone set! Comfortable and easy to use!  Outside noises greatly diminished. Great product!		
5	:	Comfortable and works great		
5	:	"won???t charge after 1 month of useUpdated - seller reached out after my initial post and shipped me a new set that seem to work now.  They informed they have a 1 year warranty, which is good to know if there are more problems in the future."		
5	:	These were a gift to my son -- he loves them! Work great with his Android phone and very comfortable.		
5	:	"Exactly what I wanted: comfortable, easy to use, foldable."		
5	:	Works great!		
5	:	"Nice price for a basic, easy to use pair of headphones. Super comfy!"		
5	:	Very impressed how the seller treated me after an issue with my product. I redid my review after receiving a product with a A1 quality. The battery holds around 18-20h hours as the description says and the sound is great.		
5	:	"In acoustic quality these equal headphones costing MUCH more (e.g. Bose, Senheizer).  Very impressed!"		
5	:	"Sound better than expected!  Seem to function well.  Soooo comfortable.  Do fit over the ears.  But, I suppose that depends on how huge your ears are!  My son also loves them for gaming."		
4	:	"I bought these for my friend and she loves them.She says noise cancelling is great with rich sound, but bass is a little weak."		
4	:	"Liked the ease of use and convenience.Least liked the bass quality, though very good could/should have been deeper/richer, or at least adjustable.Overall, very happy with them."		
5	:	Very impressed with the sound quality and also like that they drown out any noise around me. Looking forward to using then while mowing this summer!The phone talk is an added bonus as well! One touch to answer any calls!What a convenient set up!		
5	:	Very comfortable. Easy to store.  Works well.		
5	:	Head phones are great. Easy to set up and use. Noise cancellation is fair to good.		
2	:	Headphone sounded flat/thin in all cases. There was no depth/richness in the music.Returned		
4	:	good sound		
5	:	Great product.  Connected on the first try quickly to my iphone.  Sound is great for phone and music.  The range is very good too!		
4	:	"Good sound and comfortable.  Would give 5 stars,  but they do stick out a little further then I would prefer."		
5	:	love them		
5	:	Nice Headphones.		
5	:	"Look great, sound great, really comfortable, and the price makes them that much better. If I had to be nitpicky, the charging cable is a little short, but that???s really the only thing I could find to criticize."		
5	:	"Very lightweight, incredible sound. No complaints."		
4	:	"Got these for my little guy (9 y/o) for Christmas.  They seem to work great so far and he loves them. However, the cord that came with them is already weak and doesn't work with one ear when using the cord.  Easy to be replaced, but not the best quality cord."		
5	:	"I like the material, it keeps me at ease when I drop it on occasion. The sound quality is good; gets the job done. Battery lasts a day and a half for me, but I don't use it for longer than a couple hours at a time. Price is very reasonable."		
5	:	Came as described		
5	:	I was truly amazed superb audio and I received them on Saturday tried them for about an hour and didn't touch them until work Monday. I used them all day at work and they didn't die until halfway through Thursday!! I've recommended them to all my coworkers and friends!		
5	:	love them		
5	:	"These headphones sound great, but just as importantly, they are very comfortable to wear. For a sub $40 set of wireless headphones, you couldn???t ask for more."		
5	:	Great headphone		
4	:	My son likes them good sound good base		
5	:	If you're looking for inexpensive and great sound this is it.  Very comfortable as well and does a great job of blocking out the outside sounds around you.		
5	:	So far so good		
5	:	Great sound quality.		
3	:	"only got a 3 because as soon as return window closed, they QUIT charging.  Anyone know what the warranty may be?  Thanks"		
3	:	This one doesn???t go with several other device to switch back and force...I didn???t think of that....		
5	:	They are everything that was promised		
5	:	This is a great set of headphones and an exceptional value.  I am ordering a second set today!		
5	:	"very light, very comfortable, great sound"		
3	:	"These headphones are pretty nice, the stitching looks good and the red contrasts nicely. The only issue I have is that they suddenly stopped working with Bluetooth. I have to have them plugged in to listen to anything. Disappointing"		
5	:	"Comfortable, easy to connect."		
5	:	Good sound good product		
5	:	"Got these to use with TV when others are sleeping. Work great, paired easy and each time."		
2	:	I liked these headphones until it stopped playing sound on both sides. It plays on one side using Bluetooth and the other side when wired. These were only lightly used and should not have stopped working.		
3	:	Material feels cheap. Wouldn't want to accidently drop them. Sound runs low but nice.		
4	:	Really good headphones for the price. The Bluetooth volume maximum level is slightly higher than my IEMs. I use these for listening to television and they fit comfortably for extended periods.		
5	:	"I like em so far , lightweight, nice sounding, connected to my Bluetooth on my phone very easily,  connects to ur Device automatically once paired with!  Waiting on my Bluetooth adapter to Check with my TV !"		
5	:	Worth the price...		
4	:	Good noise canceling and comforting to wear would recommend.		
2	:	Too big and heavy for me.Might be ok for a big guy or tall lady		
5	:	A good wireless headphone and cost effective too. Easy connection via bluetooth. I highly recommend this product.		
4	:	Great sound quality for the price and very comfortable even with glasses! My only minor complaint is that the aux jack is on the left ear cup which is a little inconvenient for my setup. Luckily the cups seem to fit well even when I wear them backwards.		
5	:	good product		
4	:	ok quality with a reasonable price		
5	:	Really worked well. Sound great and seem durable.		
4	:	Absolutely love these headphones so far I can use them with my phone I can use them with my smart watch I can talk on the phone with them with my phone in my pocket and the sound on them gets the job done would recommend these		
4	:	Bulky but I know that when I purchased these. They work very well and are comfortable. I use these on the elliptical and they are great for that since they stay in place.		
5	:	They work great and are comfy		
1	:	My foam ear cup fell off. These things are done. I guess you get what you pay for		
4	:	"works, great quality  audio for the price, connection drop behind wall at 15' from source.."		
5	:	"Great headphones very light, and comfortable."		
5	:	"It has good sound quality but then the sound from the right side of the headphone stop working after 4 months and to make it work I have to move the cable on the right side, not very durable.Edit= Got a new one, working good. Mpow customer service is great."		
5	:	"These are exactly what I was looking for!  Sound is very good, and they are comfortable.  They pair easily and consistently with my device.  I would purchase these again."		
4	:	I don't have much to say about these negatively except they could be louder and genuinely use some more bass. They're comfortable however and the adjustable slides could use some more hold as well. Great for the money though.		
5	:	Great price and great quality. I should have bought them sooner.		
5	:	Very comfortable.		
4	:	"Easy to use and comfort, great sound !!!!!!!!!!!"		
4	:	Didn't last 90 daysUpdate: they replaced them promptly and new ones are food so far. Good value for the price.		
5	:	Very comfortable. Simple power and pairing functions. Excellent value. Superb sound; well balanced.		
5	:	Very good quality.		
5	:	Great headphones!		
4	:	Nice headset. Very comfortable. Decent sound. Easy to connect and use.		
5	:	These sound so great for the money and the battery lasts forever.		
5	:	Great so far. They connect effortlessly.  Sound great too. Not $600 great but for $23 bucks they're awesome. Would buy again.		
1	:	These lasted 4 months and then the USB port became defective making it impossible to charge them.		
5	:	Great Bluetooth headphones!!!! I???ve paid more for headphones that were not as good! Highly recommend!		
4	:	"Not a bad product but it is ok, did not exceed my expectations"		
4	:	"Not the most amazing battery life or range, but for $30 it'll go the distance.  6 months so far and no sign of failure."		
5	:	I am really enjoying my Mpow H1 Bluetooth headphones. Fast shipping.  Great price. Great sound. The headphones were easy to operate and easy to pair.  The over the ear works great with my hearing aids.		
4	:	Great product for the price......		
5	:	Yes they are great sound perfect and great color gat no problem		
5	:	Love my new headphones.  They are very comfortable and the sound is great.		
5	:	Thank for fast shipping and it works great!		
5	:	nice headphones		
5	:	"I wear them while mowing,  love them"		
4	:	These are great and fast shipping with prime! Thank you.		
5	:	Great cutomer service. I had a battery problem and they took care of it right away!		
5	:	"Delivery came on time. Awesome product!!!! The sound quality is great and so crystal clear it almost seem as if I am in a surround sound theatre, Its super comfortable connects easily to my devices."		
5	:	"We liked these headphones so much that we ordered more so everyone could use them at once. They're perfect for our slightly noisy co-working space, and perform as well as other headphones we had that cost 3x as much."		
3	:	Great sound. But the padding isn't the most comfortable for me. So I'm returning it		
5	:	"Great, light weight, inexpensive Bluetooth headphone!"		
5	:	I really loved these headphones. That is why i was gonna buy a second pair cause i use head phone's alot. I go throught alot of them.the sound it so good. I am so amazed how good they are. They don't sound cheap or feel cheap at all.		
4	:	"Comfortable, good sound, getting more than 8 hours on a charge."		
5	:	"Awesome set of headphones. Great sound. Purchased two sets for my wife and I and are extremely happy with the quality. Any Mpow product I???ve purchased,never been disappointed. ??????"		
4	:	Very impressed with the overall quality and sound.  I own a pair of Beats and I would have to say that these sound just as good as higher priced headphones....		
4	:	"Great Sound, very LOUD output on max phone volume I am hearing impaired, so when i use it with my hearing air I get a slight frequency feed back when nothing is playing but other wise its def worth the buy."		
5	:	"Material is comfortable but there is a faint Bluetooth buzz in the background, the battery life did last many hours though UPDATE: I received a replacement and the new headphones are perfect. 100% worth it."		
5	:	Best set I have found. This is my second pair!		
5	:	"Great quality, work perfectly... excellent price."		
4	:	"These were perfect 1st time Bluetooth over-ear headphones. Expectations were not high when spending 36 bucks, my microphone is not great, but then again, I only spent 36 dollars."		
5	:	"Really good battery, haven't had to charge it after a straight 3 days use. I'm really enjoying the earpads too but there isn't much noise cancellation if there even is any."		
5	:	"Connects reliably, better than two others I have. Good voice feedback, comfortable"		
5	:	I bought these as a gift and they were well loved.  I plan on buying a pay for myself.		
1	:	Fell apart and unable to use.		
5	:	Wonderful feel like you can't hear a thing and it just you and the music.really like the updated charging port easier to find another charger if I can't find the one that came with it and the option to put them wired is a super big plus for me		
5	:	Was looking for over ear headphones that did not squeeze my head and have been very happy with these. Connecting has been easy. The headphones are nice and soft and sound is good.		
5	:	Nice headset		
5	:	I bought these for my 9 year old. He loves them. Uses them all the time! They fit his head perfectly and the sound is phenomenal.		
5	:	"I am extremely happy with these headphones. Once fully charged up they linked to my smartphone the first time. The sound is nicely balanced with a great sound. The buttons are on the right side of the earpiece and easy to use. So glad I went with Bluetooth, and they can also be used with included cord, as in airplane mode (Bluetooth off).  Highly recommended."		
5	:	Very high quality material. Comfortable on the ear.		
3	:	Sound quality is good. The battery life is amazing and they're comfortable.		
5	:	This is an Awesome brand! We now have 4 sets in our home with plans to get a couple more		
5	:	"So far so good.. the sound is great, fit is comfortable, and no trouble pairing with devices. I'm loving them.. my kids however aren't happy that mom can now time them out."		
5	:	Wow.... great product The comforter is amazing the sound is amazing the ease of use in answering calls pending calls just simply amazing thank you		
5	:	Very happy very good sound		
1	:	Stopped accepting a charge in less than 6 months and the seller will not respond.		
5	:	Very easy to set up with TV.		
5	:	"These were so easy to pair with my iphone7 and my MacBook. They???re also super comfortable. The sound is great, especially for the price."		
3	:	"Within 5 months of purchase headphones shorted out and stopped working. A month after receiving replacement, the left side of the headphones began to short out."		
5	:	Nice headset. Good sound very comfortable to wear and  I wear glasses.		
5	:	"Great sounding, excellent fit. No slipping better than beats solo3"		
3	:	"Hanged to 3 stars since company read my review and sent a replacement product. Thank you. ??? Battery life was never good and in 3 months, the battery stopped taking a charge. They no longer work."		
5	:	My nephew loves them! They are perfect!		
3	:	"These seemed to work fine and my 10-year-old thought they were great, but one of the ear cushions came off on a hot day.  It wasn't pulled - just loosened up and fell off when he picked up the headphones by the loop (whatever the part that goes over your head is called).  If you look through the reviews you'll see a few other complaints about this. I was able to get the pad back on but it's not easy and there is still no way it's going to not come off again.  It's just held in place by tension - a too-small strip of fabric is wrapped over a plastic part and is meant to hold the pad in place, but there is no adhesive or other parts that secure it there.  So unfortunately they're going back.UPDATE:  The vendor sent a replacement immediately at no charge. They appear to be the same model and probably will have the same problem, but I bumped these up one star for good customer service.  I give Patozon 5 stars for acting quickly to replace the first ones, but the headphones still have this potential problem that is hard to fix yourself.  As long as you are reasonably careful with them you should be fine, but if you look at the photos in the reviews you'll see a handful that show the problem I had with mine.  Other than this one issue, they seem to be great headphones for the money."		
5	:	These are nice headphones. Sound quality is great. Planning to buy another pair.		
5	:	These headphones are very comfortable and have a nice clear sound. Definitely better than ones I have purchased in the past!		
4	:	"Recieved my headset, paired it and tried it out for the first time tonight. They are awesome!!! They are super light weight. They do not fit too tight and the sound is crystal clear. I am truly impressed, so far! Great buy!!"		
5	:	The best Bluetooth head set		
5	:	Nice product for the money comes packaged nicely easy to sync hold a charge well. My kids love them		
4	:	User instructions SUCK. The head phones are very comfortable and the sound is very good for what you pay		
4	:	"I bought these on February and they have worked great, really enjoy the sound. It is now July and the left speaker has stopped working, only receive sound via the right headphone. What procedes Mpow?"		
5	:	"VERY comfortable, great sound."		
5	:	"Works as described so far, both in bluetooth mode and a corded connection"		
5	:	awsome		
5	:	great bluetooth head phones. use them for watching tv and they work great.		
5	:	Very comfortable and good quality. Good sound.		
5	:	bluetooth 4.1 allows me to connect to my work computer and phone at the same time- which is very useful		
4	:	I bought a pair of Bose trust me (you really can????) these sound just as good for a fraction of the price . The phone calls are Crystal clear great headphones		
5	:	Prompt delivery and nice packaging.  Works well with or with out Bluetooth.  A nice long cord is included if you want to use it.  Well constructed and nice adjustable headphones.  .		
4	:	"I use it for music and the ""ear buds"" that came with came with my iPhone were always falling out while I was on my stationary bike.  This headset stays in place as I pedal my bike."		
5	:	"Bought these for my son, he loves them.  They are comfortable, easy to use and great buy for the price"		
5	:	very soft and extremely comfortable		
5	:	They sound great and are very durable.		
4	:	"Excellent headphones, battery lasts a long time. Mic isn't the best but they are quality headphones not mics so its all good. It still gets the job done"		
4	:	"The headphones are comfortable, pair fairly easily and work very well. No issues so far, great price too."		
5	:	I'm really enjoying these headphones. Such a great buy considering the quality.		
5	:	Surprisingly very good.		
5	:	Good for those chattering coworkers		
5	:	"I had problems with my first pair, but I was sent a free new pair and it works excellent. Great product and customer service. Great sound, battery life, and materials."		
5	:	"So far so good.  Does what I want, which is a comfortable  fit and decent sound.  To me, good value for low cost."		
4	:	Good; has trouble pairing with phone from time to time. Fits comfortably around my huge head.		
5	:	Bought these for my daughter that lost her Beats...she loves them she said they were great noise cancelling		
5	:	As soon as they hugged my ears I felt in heaven. They are sooo comfortable and the sound is amazing. Their range is pretty decent too.		
5	:	"Super comfotable, easy to pair with iPhone, and really good sound. Great buy!"		
5	:	"So far so good, sounds good, very light and comfortable, just what we were looking for, thanks"		
5	:	"I am having the time of my life with these headsets! The sound is super awesome and crystal clear! The headsets feel great for the price. Have had these for a day so far, and I am absolutely amazed. Great product!"		
5	:	Pro very nice headphones light weight and very soft ear muff material for a great seal keeping out unwanted noise. Con small button to find (middle one) to take an incoming call very happy with product over all !		
5	:	I am really enjoying these headphones! I actually have several coworkers who are planning on buying these same headphones because they???re big and the audio is great.		
5	:	The do connect fairly easily to blue tooth on my computer.  I now can listen to music or movies on my pc with out bothering the neighbors in my apartment with paper thin walls.Slightly Deaf SeniorCarol Styrsky		
4	:	I have used for a couple of days now. Excellent sound quality so complaints yet.		
1	:	Awful product. Ear piece came off after two uses. Would not go back on.		
5	:	Great sound and easy to use.		
3	:	"The sound is decent.  Has good bass,  without it being overbearing.Main gripe would be that I can hear everything around me very clearly.  Takes away from the immersion of audio dramas."		
3	:	"The headphones work fine and all but in the first week of use trying it wired mode  it damaged, don't know why and no one seems to answer me, it only listens on the left side and I want to know how to fix it"		
2	:	"Really disappointed by the quality for watching movies on my iPad. The sound is very 2 dimensional, with bright, chirpy dialog, but background sounds are so suppressed that it sounds like you are listening to one quiet thing with one loud thing laid over top of it. These had such high reviews, I really expected more. They do work slightly better for my Pzizz sleep app with my iPhone, but it still sounds --weird-- somehow.Something about it isn't a complete audio range. I'm not enough of an audiophile to accurately describe how it sounds as if there were a foreground and a background, but it's not a full-bodied, rounded-out sound. Ok. So the best way I can describe it, it's sort of like there's a top and a bottom but no middle to connect them. Like the top and the bottom are completely disconnected from each other, two tracks playing at the same time but not related.My only upside so far?? They fit adequately well and are very comfortable, and I have a wee tiny head, so I don't get to say that often!!I'm sure these will come in handy for some things, but I'll stick to my Marley earbuds for now."		
4	:	"Fit nice, very soft ear pads. Easily connect and easy to use. Volume could be a little higher but other than that they work great."		
5	:	"Very comfortable. Covers the entire ear. Sound quality is good. I use it mostly for flights and they work great. Great product for the price you pay. Although I wish it came w a hard cover case. Nonetheless, definitely recommend."		
4	:	No problem pairing with my TV. Very good sound quality.		
3	:	"Ehh, you get what you pay for. Sound quality is not that great either but what do you expect for the price."		
5	:	I love them.		
5	:	Super comfy and great sound! The quality of these headphones is very surprising for the price!		
5	:	Great features. My grandson is going to help me use it well.		
4	:	I really like these headphones. They are really comfortable and have great sound.  The control buttons are a little hard to use.		
5	:	Loving how powerful the sound is. I wasn???t expecting such clear sound from this product but it delivered perfectly.		
5	:	"Awesome! Exactly what I wanted. Fast shipping, great fit and awesome sound!"		
4	:	Work very well.  Just wish they worked consistently with my XBOX controllers.  Sound was in and out.  Work great with my phone and computer.		
5	:	"UPDATE:  Seller sent me a 2nd pair (no charge) as the sound quality was substandard on the first pair.This pair sounds great, kudos for the seller for quickly addressing the issue!"		
5	:	"Comfortable, great sound.  Comparable to Beats, for a fraction of the price."		
5	:	Easy to connect great sound comfortable		
5	:	Great product for the price. Holds a charge for a very long time and the sound quality is perfect for what I listen to.		
1	:	"These don't cover my ears as advertised, and I have small ears. Battery dies after 6 hours. Disappointed."		
4	:	Excellent sound. Easy to setup.		
5	:	Best headphones I Ever brought		
5	:	Great product		
2	:	"Clunky, bad sound quality, uncomfortable and very annoying Bluetooth controls. If you want oversized headphones with C+ sound, get these headphones. I???m baffled by the other reviews."		
5	:	Price material and quality all thumbs up.		
5	:	Everything was really good. Love them. Used them today to workout and other day to clean the house		
5	:	Great		
5	:	Comfortable and great sound!		
5	:	It does it's job		
5	:	Love them! I can't hear any of my co-workers when they want to start pointless conversations with me. Would buy again but hopefully wont have to.		
5	:	We bought these for my son based on the number of positive reviews. They did not disappoint. He loves them and they look and function great. Nice quality and not the hundreds of dollars that you may spend for the popular brands.		
5	:	Quick delivery perfect when working out no more getting tangled  with cords!		
5	:	Easy to use sounds great		
5	:	they're a little big but they work great for the computer !!		
5	:	Very good for the price!!!		
5	:	excellent choice for the money!!		
4	:	"Comfortable, but cumbersome and not easy to figure out how to turn them off."		
5	:	So far am very happy. The sound quality and battery life are great for the price. Hoping they have longevity. You have a customer that enjoys shairing their product endorsement with others.		
5	:	Surprised at the quality of the sound at this price.		
1	:	This mpow brand really sucks. The first time I bought it the power button broke and this one the ear pad came off.		
1	:	Charge port broke already. Very poorly made.		
5	:	It's been a lllooonnggg time and they are still going great. they passed my test but they shake a little when you hit that max bass on them		
5	:	Been working great so far and has been everything I need it to be.I also like that it is not a noise-cancelling set...allows you to still be a part of the world around you when using. ;-)		
5	:	"Great sound, long life on battery.  Great product."		
1	:	I purchased in April and they broke by October. Sound Quality was ok.		
4	:	Nice very good		
5	:	My son loves these.		
5	:	"These headphones fit perfectly,  and last 20 hours per charge!! Love them!!!!"		
4	:	"Very comfortable, easy to use and set up, sound quality is up there, and comes with a drawstring bag for storage.  It's not noise-cancelling at all."		
5	:	The company replaced my headphones immediately and the new pair are working fantastically!		
5	:	"Incredible! The headset is one of the most comfortable I've ever tried with great sound quality. And the price is amazing. Didn't have to be gauged paying for a similar headset for $300 more, great buy!!"		
5	:	They work awesome. Long battery life fast charging. Comes with charging cord aux cord and bag to keep all together. Very happy with the way they work.		
5	:	"Really good service. Great product, good quality and very cheap compared to other products in the market."		
5	:	The ease of installing it with my Samsung tv. Comfortable wear.		
2	:	"They worked great for a month, but then no longer turned on.  Sent back, will order something else."		
5	:	"Great sound, easy to pair and really comfortable."		
5	:	"Great product as advertise,  awesome battery time and comfortable"		
4	:	"Headphones work great so far.  Battery life is great, still working on same charge over the last 3 days.  I use them 8 hrs a day.  The sound is rich enough for my needs at work.  The sound does seem to bleed outside of the headphones at modest volumes.  They do get LOUD.  Very comfortable to wear all day.  Bluetooth was easy to pair with iPhone 7 Plus, and work great.  Haven't tested out the distance.Microphone is HORRID.  Those that I speak with tell me that there is a loud, high pitched ""staticy"" noise that makes it difficult to hear me.All in all, I am satisfied with the purchase because I use microphone sparingly at work.  Do not recommend if you want to use them for frequent calls."		
5	:	Great headphones! I am very happy with them!		
5	:	Exceeded my expectations. Better sound than I anticipated. Good value. Seem decently built. Now we'll see how they hold up.		
5	:	Work and sound great		
5	:	Great sound. Comfortable to wear.Easy to pair with bluetooth.		
5	:	Chic design. Great sound. Comfortable. Love the optional cord. Good buy!		
5	:	Sound great.		
5	:	Great quality sound. Simple setup.		
3	:	"These headphones appear to be well made, but are way too big for my head.  Returning and searching for headphones designed for people with smaller heads."		
5	:	"Great product, good construction and sound quality.  I love that it is wireless.  Pairs great with my iPhone."		
5	:	durable and good sound quality. one charge lasts a long time.		
5	:	The sound is out standing and the 20 hours battery life is great.		
4	:	Good quality headphones with clear sound.  I really enjoy them		
2	:	Average audio performance with plastic ear muffs that will make your ears sweat. To compound one ear piece fell off at third time of use so have returned . Buy nice or buy twice		
5	:	"For the price, I was super happy with this purchase. The volume is great and the quality is sufficient."		
5	:	"Comfortable, excellent sound quality and inexpensive.  A great value!"		
4	:	Decent for the money and good sound and there comfortable		
5	:	"They work great , very happy with them and good price as well"		
4	:	I have only had them for about a week but they are light weight and very comfortable. Good sound quality.		
5	:	Great headset for the money.		
5	:	Nice headset. Sound is good but the microphone could be a bit better. Sometimes a bit hard for people to hear what I'm saying. Overall good value for money though		
5	:	Shipped quickly item exceeded expectations for headphones		
5	:	"great bang for your buck. good sound, decent for blocking out noise, plus i have a fire playlist"		
5	:	Excellent sound quality - well made headphones! They look and feel great!		
4	:	Bought as a Christmas gift for my nephew as opposed to Beats by Dre and he loves them.		
5	:	Great over ote hearing aids		
1	:	One of the speakers stopped working after 5 months of use at a desk.  I'm not going to buy from this manufacture again.  You have been warned.....		
4	:	The sound is good. Could be a little louder		
5	:	Buen??simos..		
3	:	Great headphones but they don't get loud enough. Great for my workout and not getting tangled up in a cord.		
4	:	"just got these last night, they're comfortable, light, and they are really responsive.so, just kinda baseline what i expected from upgrading from wireless earbuds.though the earbuds i was using before worked well, they were more for during the day(school/public) and i always found it more of a hassle switching them from my phone to my laptop.and that's kinda the reason i decided to get these.I like these, and i recommend them, but i wouldn't use them in public over my earbuds."		
4	:	Good		
5	:	"Comfortable and easy to link. Voice prompt lets you when it's turned on, off, pairing, and connected."		
4	:	Greatly reduces but doesn???t eliminate noise		
4	:	"Noise reduction has a bit to be desired, but overall great headphones for the price. I would definitely buy them again."		
4	:	I did not understand and was disappointed the dongle was not included so had to place a separate order. Now with the dongle the headphones are wonderful.		
5	:	"I think this headset is excellent. It keeps a great charge on the wireless, which I use most often. The design is very good."		
5	:	"Comfortable, love folding feature. Bass not bad, but could be a little deeper. Overall, great product  for a fraction of the cost!"		
5	:	I loved everything about the headsets only needs a better way to control the volume		
1	:	ABSOLUTELY ATROCIOUS!!! EXPOSED AND EXTREMELY FRAGILE WIRES ARE LOCATED AT THE BASE OF EARMUFFS. HEADPHONES BROKE WITHIN A FEW WEEKS USE!!!		
2	:	It???s okay. I got what I paid for.		
4	:	I'm pressed  and I'm NOT EASLEY  IMPRESSED		
4	:	battery life very good...sound quality is ok...		
5	:	Love these! Arrived as promised and work great!		
5	:	"Great sound, great price. I was looking for a decent wireless headphone to watch tv at night, this was just what I needed."		
5	:	These headphones are amazing! I mean the price alone makes them a great purchase!		
5	:	"These have to be the best headphones that I have ever had.perfect bass,ultra clearty .wish I had these years ago.super nice!!!!!!!! Buy the case"		
1	:	the headphones are great however the microphone is not working it is showing connected by Bluetooth but does not pick up sounds		
5	:	Purchased these headphones for my son. He is very happy with the overall quality and sound.		
5	:	Like headphones except bluetooth connection drops consistently after a couple minutes during phone calls! Update: got sent new pair by customer service team. So far working well.		
5	:	Hi really like the way they sound. I was very impressed with these Bluetooth  headphones..		
5	:	These wireless headphones are lightweight and very easy to use. They were bought for my 8year old son and he just loves them.		
5	:	Decent		
4	:	Comfortable with decent sound and the bluetooth seems to work fine with the odd stutter. I'm happy I bought these.		
5	:	Great bluetooth headphones!  Recommend.		
4	:	Great sound. Quick charge. Could be louder but I can???t complain. Great price.		
5	:	Easy to use. Very comfortable. Great sound quality. Highly recommended.		
5	:	"The sound is excellent and fits great.  Thus far, there s nothing negative we can say about them."		
3	:	One side stopped working in less than a year with light use.		
5	:	"Right out of the box I love the fit, feel and sound."		
5	:	Fantastic head phone! Works perfect right out of box! Quick blue tooth set-up and great sound! Love it!!Ryan		
5	:	Easy to pair. Excellent sound quality		
5	:	Nice		
5	:	Work great. Connect quickly. Very comfortable. Good price		
5	:	So far so good. The sound quality is good n and I have no complaints		
5	:	"Ve,ry good sound at a good price."		
5	:	"Exactly as described, nice fit, and sound is awesome."		
5	:	"Good sound, comfortable fit, and a long lasting battery."		
5	:	I like it.		
5	:	Sound is amazing and you can't hear any outside noise		
5	:	"Kids loved it! Bought one 2 months ago and no  problem so far. Then, I bought another one."		
3	:	They have good sound quality but they are bulky and very hot!		
5	:	"Bluetooth Headphones Over Ear Lightweight, Comfortable for Long-time Wearing, Hi-Fi Stereo Wireless"		
5	:	Awesome sound.  Works exactly as advertised.  Pairs easily.  Extremely comfortable.  Did I mention awesome sound?		
4	:	"A great set of headphones. They work a lot better as regular headphones than a headset, the built in mic makes a lot of feedback but otherwise a great headset!"		
5	:	"Battery would not charge.  The Suppler replaced it after the 30 days was up.  Thanks, you make my day."		
5	:	Clear sound and comfort ????		
5	:	Excellent value. Sound as good as $100+ headphones I've tried. Comfortable... can wear them all day.		
5	:	"The product is great, with great sound and battery life , good sound and very long battery life"		
4	:	Seems to be good quality.Sound great.Comfortable fit.		
5	:	They'rere super comfortable and I love these :D		
5	:	Comfortable. Easy to pair with my devices. And good sound. I'm quite happy with the purchase.		
5	:	Bluetooth		
5	:	Bought this for my husband since he doesn???t like earbuds and wires hanging. He loves it! Has good sound.		
4	:	"decent pair, you can't beat the price!"		
1	:	"It forces my mobile device (PUBG Mobile app) to use telephone audio rather than media audio, and the telephone audio is terrible. These headphones are unusable for this app. My device is an Android Galaxy Tab A. I have used many other headphones that had normal audio quality and were associated correctly with media and telephone. Returned.UPDATE: I give the company A+ for customer service. They automatically sent me replacement headphones at no charge, and they were very courteous. However, the problem still persists -- at least in the PUBG Mobile app. These headphones do not recognize media audio in this app on my device. Thanks for trying, but I still cannot use these."		
2	:	I could not keep it over my ears for more than 10-15 minutes. It warms around the ears and becomes irritating while listening for longer than 10-15 minutes.		
5	:	"I love the headset, the battery life is great and also the sound is beautiful"		
4	:	"Nice Sound, Comfy, easy to use. Maybe a lil big but best headphones I???ve owned in a while."		
5	:	Great headphones for the cost!		
5	:	It really does last a long time ... it takes like a hour to fully charge but is it still good		
5	:	Very comfortable...sounds great....for the price cannot go wrong with this purchase ....		
5	:	Great sound and connectivity.		
4	:	Very nice especially for price. It does have a mic but should not be used lol.		
5	:	These headphones are the best. I love the sound and really easy to setup. I would recommend to anyone.		
5	:	Best headphone I ever try		
5	:	The headphones were very comfortable and surprisedly light weight. Sound was very good. Customer service was top notch.		
5	:	"Great headphones for price. Base is nothing to write home about, but the value for money is beyond anything else out there. Amazing"		
5	:	Works great! Highly recommended!		
5	:	Great product!!! I bought for my son who absolutely LOVES them!!!		
5	:	Very comfortable for long listening sessions!		
5	:	It came precharged and worked with out a problem		
5	:	good sound and quality construction for a very good price.  delivered when promised.  Very Happy!		
1	:	This product is cheaply made.  Earphone foam came off after two days.		
5	:	Fits great !!		
4	:	Sounds really good. Already lasted a good 8 hours with it. Comfortable to wear. Best 30 bucks I spent on headphones.		
5	:	Great sound for the price. Very easy to pair with the I phone-8 and delivered on time.		
5	:	This is a Christmas gift. I???m sure he will be happy with it		
4	:	Good quality earphones.		
5	:	Amazing		
1	:	"UPDATE June, 2018!!!!!Though it did take them six months, I have to give credit where it is due. A short while ago, I was contacted by a representative from Sony customer support. They stated that after reviewing the service request I had placed about my broken headphones (the request was placed about six months ago), they would be willing to replace the headphones free of charge. There was the caveat that I had to still have the broken headphones so that I could verify the serial number, but once I did, they sent me new ones in the mail within a few days??? time. I was not required to return the old ones, I was not required to pay shipping; I was not required to do anything other than fill out the minimal paperwork it took to verify that I was a purchaser.Though it was not in the timeliest of manners, I do appreciate that Sony is willing to stand by their products. Customer support was friendly and helpful, and the process was painless from beginning to end, once it had been started.While I can???t necessarily recommend this particular product, due to its questionable build design and high chance for failure, I can in good conscious recommend Sony products once more.Hopefully, Sony will improve the build quality of the next line of their Headphones, as other than its propensity for breaking, they are some of the best sounding, most comfortable headphones I have ever owned.Here???s hoping they don???t break again, and a big thanks to Sony for standing by their products!TL:DR: DO NOT BUY THESE HEADPHONES! They are comfortable to wear, even for long periods. They sound great if you like bass tuned headphones. Terrible durability and will break from gentle use after only a short time (under a year). No customer support; Sony refuses to stand by their products, which is unacceptable, especially with a price tag this high.Full Review:From the moment I got the Sony MDR-XB950B1???s I fell in love. They were inarguably the most comfortable headphones I have ever owned, the sound quality was fantastic if you like bass tuned headphones, and even the battery life when used wirelessly left me little room to complain. Why then, do I rate these headphones so poorly?The reason is, that after only about 7 months of wear, the headphones broke. They were extremely well cared for, but even with the gentle handling they received, due to a manufacturing issue, they did not have the durability for longtime use. For a pair of headphones that cost $200, that is an unacceptable lifespan.I???ll include some images to show what I am talking about, but allow me to explain it here as well.For reasons I can only speculate at, there is a channel that is carved out on the rear side of the arms that hold the ear cups. I can only assume this is for a wire channel on one side, and they chose to make it symmetrical. Regardless of the reason, this is also a flex point, as tension will be placed on this hollowed out arm every time that you spread the headphones to put them on your head. For me, this is exactly where the headphones broke, as the hollowed out space compromises the strength of the plastic.Again, at the price tag that these ring in at, I cannot in good conscience recommend them to anyone, as you will likely be looking for a new pair of headphones again in a little over half a year.Now, it is possible that this is somewhat of an isolated incident, and that I simply received a defective pair. However, that does not excuse the next issue. If you do purchase these, and if they do break, you are on your own. When they failed I called Sony, being that they were still under warranty, and was informed that this was not something that the warranty covered. So, a manufacturer defect is not something the warranty covers? This leads me to believe (with a faint amount of sarcasm) that that warranty, or the extended warranty, is only good if the driver inside dies within the first week or so. After that, they won???t touch them.This was extremely disappointing, as I used to love Sony products, and would even recommend them over competitor???s products to my friends and family. However, it seems that at this point they have lost all pride in their craft, and refuse to stand by their products. I???ve had better customer experiences with brands like Logitech than Sony in recent years, and for a company that I used to respect so much, that???s very sad.I can???t explain how much I wanted to give this product a five star rating, as I did love them for the time that I had them. However, with the lack of longevity that these boast, and the refusal from Sony to stand by their products, I cannot recommend this, or any other product that they make. Unless something major changes, I will likely be looking for alternatives to Sony products in the future, and though it pains me to say it, I recommend you do the same."		
1	:	"Here's the gist of my review: Don't invest $200 into a product made of plastic that will snap with the slightest pressure - especially because that is NOT covered under warranty. If you're looking for comments on the audio quality, jump to the bottom of this review.The weak spot on these headphones is the 4 arms that connect each earpiece to the headband. Mine broke in 4 weeks. I put them in a tight backpack one day and rode a bike home. When I pulled them out, one of those arms was snapped. I do not understand why a company would make an expensive product out of brittle plastic. Cell phones, cars, macbooks, they're all made out of aluminum, and none has a thin, extended piece vulnerable to breaking, especially a piece that by definition will have to be stretched/pulled apart to fit these headphones over one's head. It's kind of like if you made a baseball bat or a cooking pot that cost $200, but you made the handle out of thin plastic. Why?Here's the worst part, when you call in to Sony's warranty line, they will tell you that wear and tear for this model is not covered. You will have to pay to ship your headphones in, get them repaired, and pay to ship them back to you. There is one loophole though - return them to Amazon for free and Sony can't do anything about it.Audio quality: A-/B+. Much better than the standard Apple earpods in the bass section, slightly better in the treble. Didn't blow my pants off. The bass effect is a marketing ploy, you will never use it because it's ridiculous (feels like it will damage my hearing). The normal mode has a good amount of bass as is.Convenience: Bluetooth is the best part about these headphones. Battery life is decent (4 hrs). The earpods will make your ears sweat if you are not in a room that is 68 degrees or below, though (i.e. walk with these outside, and you will have to wipe them off every 5 minutes). This is a positive and negative - fantastic for noisy offices, because the total isolation of your ear blocks out outside sound. Terrible for working out because the total isolation of your ear from the outside air means that there is zero ventilation."		
1	:	"I bought these headphones a couple months ago and have only worn them a handful of times. They are my first pair of good quality headphones I was just starting to get used to them and enjoy them when they broke on me. It would be one thing if I slammed them down hard or they broke after taking a few falls... but for them to break after slipping off my head into a carpeted floor just once is completely unacceptable. Especially for a ""Sony"" product. The break was clearly from poor construction, and not repairable without restricting the movement. I was hoping to contact that seller directly to see if I could exchange for a new pair, but the option isn't available under my orders. Hopefully this can be resolved..."		
5	:	"These are exactly what I was looking for. The bass is deep and nice with the option to turn off the extra bass. I love good bass but I turn mine off because it's sounds great as it is. Much cheaper than Beats by Dre which I've also owed. I'm an audiophile, so for everyday use these are perfect. The battery last a long time. If you're hitting the studio, you probably already have the right cans ready in your studio ready for your session."		
4	:	"I'll start with the pros.-These headphones are beautiful. The red hue is fiery and eye-catching. The hue seems to shift based on the light angle, which is pretty cool.-They're very, very comfortable. I don't feel like it'll be weeks before they're broken in, like other headphones I've had.-The sound quality is incredible. For years, I've dealt with ""gamer headsets"" that were just sub par in audio quality, particularly when it comes to bass. These immediately blew every gamer headset out of the water (except for one, which I won't speak of; it's unavailable and current OS support is nonexistent).-They're Bluetooth wireless, or wired if the battery dies or if you want to use them with a device which does not have Bluetooth connectivity (such as my 2DSXL). This was a major selling point for me, personally. I love the option of being wireless or wired. Wired connectivity does not require power.Now the cons, which are the sole reason I give this 4 out of 5 stars.- An ordinary male to male 3.5mm auxiliary cable will not work with these. The headphone jack on the headphones is recessed into the earcup. One end of the auxiliary cable that came with these headphones has a slim nib that allows the jack to slot into the recessed port on the headphones. Unless you have an auxiliary cable with a slim nib precisely the size of the recessed port (or smaller), you will not be using just any cable with these.- Only one end of the auxiliary cable has this slim nib which allows it to slot into the recessed port on the headphones. Which end is that, you might ask? The straight end. The angled end is what you connect to your device. Say ""hello"" to wire strain due to the angled plug being connected to the device in your pocket.- The auxiliary cable is dangerously short. You won't be plugging these into a computer whose audio jack is more than 3 feet away, unless you manage to find an auxiliary cable with that slim nib which will allow you to connect it to these headphones.In case you couldn't tell, that proprietization of the auxiliary cable really grinds my gears. That alone makes me want to give this only 3 stars. I love everything about these headphones except the cable situation.In the attached photos, the first one (which points out the jack doesn't fit the headphones) is trying to use the auxiliary cable that came with a pair of open-back Phillips headphones I got last year. The second shot is using the cable that came with these headphones; the jack is not pushed all the way in, so you can see the slimmer nib thing at the base of the 3.5mm connector."		
5	:	"Love these headphones. I've been searching nonstop for good wireless headphones that are loud and have good thumping bass. I thought it would be be the beats studio but the bass on those rattle at high levels. I head about these Sonys in a few reviews. After weeks of checking out YouTube videos and other reviews I finally decided to get them and I am very very happy with them. Loud, comfortable, great bass, wireless, inexpensive. They are perfect!"		
4	:	"I bought these headphones because sometimes I prefer to add some bass to music that may not have been produced with as much bass as I'd like.  I realize that some readers may believe that all music should be listened to ""as intended"" by the artist or producer, but I like to use technology to create a listening experience that appeals to me personally.  My very light and comfortable Bose SoundTrue headphones are extremely accurate and are known for re-producing music ""as intended"", but at times I want a different listening experience.  So I bought these to supplement, not replace, my Bose product.Overall, I'm very happy with my purchase.  The headphones charge and pair easily, and come with a cord if you just want to plug them into a device for a quick listen.  The blue color is really vibrant, and hey, it's my favorite color.  When you first put the headphones on, they feel soft and cushy.  Compared to my Bose SoundTrue headphones, these are capable of greater volume and of course there's the option to punch up the bass. However, to my ear, the sound is not as precise and fine tuned as it is with my Bose headphones.  I downloaded the Sony app that let's you control the amount of bass and gives a few pre-set equalizer settings...the app is pretty skimpy as far as it's capabilities, but it's fun to play with.  I'd recommend downloading an equalizer app or a music player with built in equalizer if you want more control.  I did not find the Sony music player (a separate app from the bass control app) to be too much more than a generic music player and I eventually deleted it from my device.I have a couple of reasons for giving these nice headphones 4 stars instead of 5 stars.  First, they are bulkier and heavier than regular headphones.  While they feel soft and comfy, after about 30 minutes I need a short break from the weight, but with a couple of breaks using them for a whole movie would certainly be possible.  The cans themselves are really big, I guess due to the bass amplifier and having some basic controls (play/stop/skip/go back/volume/extra bass on-off) built into the headset.  Once placed in a compatible case, these take up way more room in my backpack than my other headphones.  I will probably travel with my Bose SoundTrue headphones due to their light weight and size.I can't really fault these headphones for re-producing music with less precision than my Bose SoundTrue headphones.  After all, the Sony Extra Bass headphones are designed specifically to provide what can be described as a 'non-authentic' listening experience. Listeners have to understand that these fill a different purpose than headphones designed to replicate recorded music precisely.  With these headphones, heavy bass fans can finally get the bass levels truly jacked, and the headphones' sound is quite satisfying overall.  I think other bass fans will find these a welcome addition to other headphones and buds if now and then you want some good old fashioned thump in your music."		
1	:	this is my second time buying these headphones and both times they have broken on the right ear. they last about 6 months each time with light use and still break. the sound is good but unless you want to buy a new pair every half-year do not get these.		
1	:	"I needed a headphone to listing music, and I friend of mine told me that this product was very good. I tested, and after two weeks I can say that they have a good sound quality but they are very weak and they can break easily.Features1. Connectivity Technology: Wireless2. Easily take calls wirelessly with the built-in mic3. Battery life: 18 hrs.4. Weight: 280 g5. It has Bluetooth and NFC6. It comes in black, red and blue.Who It's ForThese headphones are for people that need a good quality sound without spending a lot of money. Also, they are for people that like big headphones.Pricing & PurchaseThe price is not so high, however, for the same cost, you can find better options on Amazon that these headphones. I do not think you get a good quality product for the price you will pay for them.Pros1. Colors2. Battery life.3. It has Bluetooth and NFC.Cons1. The material is very bad.2. They are not water resistant or splash proof.3. For the price, they do not offer a lot.4. They can damage easily.5. It takes too much space.6. The app does not offer too much. Furthermore, it looks unprofessional.My Final OpinionAfter two weeks, I had to return it. One side broke, and I do not know how. I do not recommend them. You could find a better product on Amazon. The sound was ok but I compare them with another headphone with similar price, and I find the MDR-XB950B1 low in quality."		
1	:	"Sound is decent given the price as they're constantly on sale.  The bass boost sounds awful though and I suggest leaving it off always.  Battery life is excellent and I prefer the physical buttons for control.  Fairly comfortable as well.  The problem is, as many have stated, these things just feel cheap.  The build quality is just bad.  They broke within a few months of owning and Sony refuses to fix them.  I had bought the case that amazon recommends as well for them and never transported them when not inside that case or in any situation where they'd be crushed.  Yet, within a few months one of the driver assemblies as a whole broke off and now it's just dangling there unusable.  I'll continue looking for decently priced bluetooth headphones, but given that even Sony's higher end wh-1000xm2 headphones have reviews of shoddy endurance I'll be staying away from Sony for this.  Note that I also had them replaced initially because the battery inexplicably died.  This seems to be a common problem as well.  Again, stay away from Sony if you want your headphones to not explode into pieces or downright fail with Sony refusing to fix them because they don't cover physical damage.  These are the only headphones I've had that have ever physically broken."		
5	:	I work out nearly every day and I am always wearing these headphones. They stay put even when I'm doing burpees but they are light enough to not be a pain. Great battery life too.		
1	:	"Item broke very easily after 1month of purchase. One of the audio heads broke off. Sony would not cover the damages in their warranty and would not fix the product. The reason the product broke seems to be it is very poorly made for a 100$+ headphones. I do not recommend this product, sony does not cover any damages and it is a very flimsy weak product."		
5	:	"Excellent value for the price! Sound quality is very good (i experience a litle delay when using bluetooth but it's not too much, you can still have a great experience). It's easy to setup (just turn on bluetooth in your device, scan for devices, pair with the one corresponding to your headset model name and ready).Range is incredibly great, just for testing, i left my phone in the third floor of my aunt's house and walked through all the house and still in the first floor i got excellent sound quality, in real scenarios i guess you won't leave your phone at a so long distance but it's good to know you have so great range.The only thing i would like to have in this headphones is a button to mute microphone when i'm in a call."		
1	:	Do not buy these headphones!!!!!!!! The pair I bought my son are less than 30 days old and the ear piece has already broke! SONY WILL NOT STAND BEHIND THEIR PRODUCT!!!!!! I called them and they explained that this kind of damage is not covered under warranty. This seems to be a common problem with this product after reading the reviews and sony will do nothing about it! Do not buy Sony products! They won't stand behind them and their customer service is absolutely horrible!!!!		
5	:	"Headphones are great.  Excellent sound quality, very comfortable and the battery lasts a long time.  The range on them is also really good.  I can often walk 30-50 feet away with walls in between without having any audio issues.  I wish the headphones would fold in to be a little more compact to make traveling with them a little easier.  I am also surprised at how well the microphone works on them for phone calls.  I use them all the time and I've never gotten any complaints despite the fact that the microphone is so far away from my mouth.  Definitely would recommend."		
4	:	"So far I like the headphones. I noticed the SOUND QUALITY is better using Bluetooth when connected to your phone as opposed to using the cable that comes with the headphones. However, the opposite is true when plugging the headphones into my computer (2011 macbook pro). The volume is louder and the sound is crisp (in my opinion).Because I've read reviews about the issues of quality with the build, I've been treating them with care as I don't want to break the swivel part but so far, I haven't had any issues and I plan to keep it that way.They can block the noise of the outside when the volume is up close to max but they don't cancel noise when listening at regular volume. This is not bad at all but if you want to cancel noise, it won't happen. Again, that's not really a bad thing and the sound is still very good. Spacial awareness over blasting music is what I say!CONNECTING to the device was simple to start and I've connected my ipod and computer to it pretty easily. The only thing I don't like (not a deal breaker by far) is connecting back to the headphones. What i mean by this is if I play music from my ipod I can connect my phone by clicking on the bluetooth device in my settings BUT it only connects for calls and not music so I have to tap my phone to the headphones to connect via NFC and then I am fully connected. Other than that, everything is good and I am planning on buying a hard shell carrying case to further protect my investment.I purchased these because a classmate of mine let me try them and the sound was lovely plus she had them for 3 years and said she's had no issues. every time we have class she is wearing them so that was enough for me to hear."		
5	:	"I personally have an audiophile habit. I have headphones in the MSRP range of $1000.With that being said, I attempted to find bluetooth headphones I could really enjoy. The $500 Sennheiser HD1 Wireless headphones failed so hard at meeting my sound needs and are being returned right now. Now, these Sony's I did not buy for myself. I bought them as an xmas gift for the kid. These are actually so much better than the Sennheisers.These Sony's are so much better especially if you appreciate a lively sound (most people do). The midrange does have a somewhat hollow sound which I don't love but is not a deal breaker at all for the price. They feel great on the ears and are super comfortable. They happily sound almost as good wireless as they do wired. I see this being the right choice for wireless headphones for nearly all people. If you need Noise Cancelling Sony does have a slightly more expensive model that does that. For me personally I am still on the hunt for the best wireless headphones but these are amazing and I think most people should give them a try."		
5	:	"I love my headphones. The sound is crisp and clear. I don't know much about ""crisp"" and ""deep"" - all I know is that the music I listen to sounds really good. I listen to lots of Motown, which because of the way it was originally mastered, sometimes the music sounds like it was recorded from down the block. These headphones somehow fix that. I have not had any others that do. I listen to a lot of R&b/Hip-Hop/Rap. The bass comes to me the way I like to listen to it. It is a little heavy, thumping - the way I like it or it can be lighter if you want it. I have had Beats over the ear and Bose headphones. Both of them are over-rated in comparison. I was a little mad after getting these because I wasted my money on the other ones...grrAnyhoo, I'm all better now."		
5	:	"Awesome sound that only I can hear! The bass is blissfully deep. My ears (average size) fit completely inside of the cup of foam and are very comfortable. Each of the control buttons have their own shape and are easy to feel/recognize so that I can change volume/bass effect/pause/skip/go back without needing to take off the headset. These were easy to sync with my iPhone and I have had no connection issues. Fit is easy to adjust and clicks firmly. A female voice tells you things like ""Power off"" ""bass effect on"" bass effect off"" ""battery level high"". The only real con is that the headphones cannot be used while charging. I am not using the app that is included, but there are a few effects on the app: Arena, Club, Outdoor Stage, Concert Hall and the ability to adjust the bass. It also shows the the battery life. Instructions list 18 hrs of play time, 200 hrs standby, 4 hrs for a full charge and 6 hours of use with 1hour of charge. Very happy with the sound and quality!"		
5	:	Clean bass and the mids and highs aren't that bad either in my personal opinion. I use them frequently on bluetooth on my phone and on my computer. Does everything I want them to do beautifully. I am considering maybe getting a second pair or just picking up the N1's  We will see what happens however. Would i reccommend these to someone in the market for over the ear headphones? Yes. Why? Because sony makes good headphones for 1 and for 2 they are comfortable. I have fallen asleep with these on and didn't even notice they were there. Simply put I love these cans.		
2	:	"I've owned Sony headphones in the past and they had superb sound; the highs were good (not great), but the bass was better than headphones twice as expensive, and it made up for it.These ones sound bad compared to the headphones I currently have, which I thought sounded bad compared to the Sony headphones I used to have. The other ones weren't wireless, but I have a good pair of wireless headphones (inner-ear, which I don't like the feeling of).These are mediocre wireless headphones for the price, and mediocre in general. I can only imagine the absolutely god awful headphones the people were using who said ""They sound great, but break easily."" I can fix broken plastic, but I'm very dissatisfied with the sound quality.The bass is there, but it sounds bad.The highs are absolutely horrendous. Do not buy these headphones.They look pretty though, so two stars!Gotta be something positive to take away from this."		
4	:	"Ordered this as my first wireless headphone replacement from the Sony corded ones that I carried to work everyday. Very happy with this product as it has excellent bass, the battery charge last a very long time so long as I continue to power off the headset after each use and easy to transport as the ear covers swivels so that the headphones can be stored in my work back flat. My only hesitance for giving it a 5 star is that its a bit bulkier looking when I have them on than the much more expensive Sony wireless/noise cancelling headphones or Beats equivalent brand. But for the price ($100+ cheaper), I'm perfectly good with these headphones."		
5	:	"After trying both of the XB950N1 and the ch700n???s in store I decided I liked the xtra bass a lot more so I waited for them to go on sale. Needless to say I wasn???t willing to spend $249 on a set of noise canceling headphones, when the exact copy of them without noise canceling is less than $100. Instead of waiting for a sale however, I went ahead and ordered the non-noise canceling version, and I could not be happier. These are fantastic quality and the noise canceling is not missed. I mostly use these when listening to music while others are in the same room watching TV, or while watching movies in bed paired to an I pad. Frequency response is just as good as the 700n???s in my opinion, albeit overall the 700n???s are a little brighter if that makes sense, and wow the bass can really rattle your brain with the right song. Everything I ever wanted in a wireless headset. Finally, the battery life is incredible. I have used them for approximately two months now and they get used on average three times a week for 1-2 hours at a time. They have only been charged once and are just now getting to the point where they need to be recharged. Doing the math that???s approximately 30-32 hours! Wow, just wow! I am sure there are better sets out there for triple or quadruple the price, but for the average every day user these are amazing. If you???re on the fence, just do it!"		
4	:	Ok so these headphones are good from personal experience. All the people that say these headphones are bad... they are lying. I saw the same headphones with reviews on bestbuy and these headphones will work for 2 years. I purchased these on bestbuy 2 years ago and they still work perfectly. They attach to your  ears a bit too much but you just have to widen the headphones and they will be fine. From personal experience I think these headphones are good.		
5	:	"Have been using this for more than 2.5 months now and really like these. Very functional and good bass. I have been using them without much pampering and have had no issue of breaking. Not sure if the previous models were much fragile or what. As an audiophile, I would recommend other models for getting the best clarity and depth in sound (the high end, high resolution compatible models), but this is great for daily use. Better than the more expensive BOSE, beats and other companies. Once again, sony provides a power-packed headphone with all the convenient features you could ask for.Also, the battery last pretty long. One charge and daily about an hr usage, my headphone could go without charging for about 2 weeks! The pads may make your ears sweat though (just one issue I thought was bit bothersome)."		
2	:	"Great looking headphones but were too ???wide???. I used these while working out and they stuck out too far that I had to change my form with my weights in order not to hit them. They were also very heavy and would slide off easily. I had to keep my hair in a bun for them to stay up. The sound quality was okay. It definitely had bass but it made the headphones vibrate so much it was distracting. I really liked how you could see how much power was left on your phone, and that it had its own app. I ended up returning them because they were bulky and just seemed too fragile. If you want these for working out, I would not recommend."		
5	:	"Excellent sound and good comfort. To my ears the sound quality and overall fullness of the sound is better than Bose's latest QC 35. I'm really astounded by this fact due to the huge price difference. Connects easily to any bluetooth enabled device I've used so far including ipad, desktop computer and mobile phones. Can operate easily even when it is 30-40 feet away from the bluetooth device without any obstructing walls in between. No problems with obstructing walls till 20 feet. If the audio plays at sufficient volume there is no outside noise at all. Very satisfied with this headphone."		
4	:	"I got these on an Amazon deal at $88.00 which I believe was half price.  I haven't had a Sony product in about 10 years.  I was really sold on my Beats by Dre corded headphones.  The first thing I noticed was the construction was of high quality.  There's a lot of metal all through these.  They took a little adjusting to get the cans to fit my ears.  At first I had to manually adjust my ears into the foam part.  I wear these at work so they are on my head about 9 hours a day.  Right about week 2 I no longer had to adjust the cans, the foam formed to my head, and that allowed for a very noise free listening experience.  I don't think these are noise cancelling but the ear pieces are so snug that it eliminates background sounds.  The negatives for the cordless aspect is that they are really big...it makes you look like an astronaut at the gym.  One reason I could not give these a five star was two things....one they don't fold up that well...so it makes putting them in a travel a little of a pain...and if I had paid $168.00 I would have been very mad that they did not include a bag for them to go in....even most $50.00 headphones includes this....they are definitely BASS heavy and mute some of the higher notes....but for watching TV shows they have been more than enough."		
4	:	"For lounging around and listening to music (which is what I mostly do) theses are excellent. Comfortable and sound great. The bass is not overpowering at all but then again I don???t listen to a lot of bass heavy music. I listen to a lot of rock and metal and the sound quality is awesome. So if you???re on the fence about getting these as I was, you will be glad you did. At the price I paid $89 you cannot go wrong, VERY well worth the money. That being said, I can???t see using these to work out or going for a jog. They are just a bit too heavy in my opinion. Going for a stroll or lounging around these are top notch in my opinion."		
3	:	"Got a screaming deal on these from Amazon last year. My oldest kiddo loved the sound reproduction whether they were using them wirelessly or wired.  I was pretty impressed, too, in the rare instances I was afforded the opportunity to listen! The bass is definitely noticeable and rich.  I wouldn't put these up there with any studio, circumaural headsets, but for portability and cost, definitely would give Beats or other overpriced brands a run for their money.Unfortunately, the build quality didn't even last 1 year. After approximately 10 months of regular use (and typically kept in a protective case), the kiddo discovered them broken when removing them from their head.  I've filed a case with Sony and given them my information.  Hoping for some positive results, but after reading others' experiences here, it's probably our last Sony headset.  We shall see."		
5	:	"Without a shadow of  doubt a really good set of headphones! The head phones are really comfortable when on my head. I suffer from hot ear syndrome. Basically when I wear headphones that fully cover my ears, they tend to over heat. I am able to wear these headphones for at least 1.5 hours before I need to take them off for 3 or 4 mins. The sound quality is excellent! I do use the extra bass function now and then. If you love good proper bass,these headphones are for you! If you not to keen on the bass aspect,these headphones are for you. This set does not come with noise cancelation but that was not a problem for me on a 1.5 hours flight from Auckland to christchurch. Headphones were good enough for engine noise not to be a proble. Battery life is as they say,no false advertising there. My only problem with these headphones was that it did not come witha case. i had to buy a case after it arrived."		
5	:	"I really enjoy the amount of bass these head phone create on bass heavy songs. But, as some peoples say it bulky ear pads are so large it get in the way sometimes. Overall love the sound these Sony MDR XB950B1 they create music differently than Audiophile head phones. Listening to Calvin Harris's song "" Feels "" from the NOW That's What I Call Music,Vol.64. All the instruments the musicians play sound excellent you can hear what they what you to hear. You can hear all the instruments at Dire Straits-Brothers In Arms""Walk Of Life and So Far Away. The kick drum and bass guitar or rhythm section the rhythm it very good. You can hear the instrument jump at you and it sound like your at the studio with them. I wish the I know how good this head phone that I stopped looking for other head phones."		
3	:	"Looks Good, Bass is too much for me, is not Hifi audio, with the bass on/off you lose a lot instrumental sound"		
2	:	"The sound out of these headphones is awesome. The build quality is awful and after having owned them for less than 3 months they are already broken / useless. What's worse is that the warranty doesn't cover the shoddy build quality, so I am unable to recoup my losses. The plastic that connect the ear cups to the head band is weak and although only one side is cracked and broken, the other side is showing small cracks as well. I wish this wasn't the case, but I don't think I'll be buying another pair of Sony headphones like this."		
5	:	"I have been using these headphones for several weeks now.I can truly say that I really love these headphones. These headphone are exactly what I was looking for.I???m using them with my iPhone (iPhone 7 plus) and my Laptop Lenovo X250 and everything sounds great (pairing was easy).In fact although it has the extra bass functionality, the existing sound is just as good as it is.These headphones are also very comfortable to wear and although this model doesn???t have the noise cancellation feature, wearing them just isolates you from your surroundings.The battery lasts for a long time.I have ordered a Bluetooth transmitter so I can use them with my TV that do not have this feature.I???ll update once I have tested it."		
5	:	"I use wired Sony XB500 headphones at my desk. I wanted something to connect to my Versa. I wanted something like my XB500 that was bluetooth. I found these for only $100 and I couldn't be happier. I didn't realize the battery life could be so good in a pair of headphones. The sound quality is close to XB500. Lot of bass, which I like. The bass button is cool, but I mostly only use that for epic soundtracks like lord of the rings and stuff. I read reviews from people that said the bass was too much. I think it's fine. It is maybe a little high, but it is adjustable with the app, anyways.I'm wearing this while I get chores done around the house. Makes things fun :). I haven't tried audio books with it yet, but I imagine it'll be just fine. I like that there is an app that you can adjust the bass. I sadly have a S4 Mini phone and it is apparently incompatible with the app. I can probably use a friend's phone if I ever really wanted to adjust the settings. For now, I'm happy. I always thought headphones of this quality would cost $250+. Very thankful for Sony products. They do it right!"		
5	:	"I work in our engineering department, and these are perfect. I turn up the music and no distractions intrude on my design flow. The music reproduction may not be absolutely perfect (these headphones are also not $400 or more) but I find it to be of very high quality and the headphones are very satisfying to listen to. Sound leakage is minimal, so I can blast techno, reggaeton, or a fantastic symphony and my coworkers are blissfully unaware. The battery life is awesome. I often get two days of listening at work out of them before they need to be charged. I used to not like over the ear headphones as they smash your ears during marathon listening sessions, pesky 10 hour plus days... These headphones remain comfortable all day long."		
1	:	"It's incredible the good quality in sound but the quality of the headphones specifically the plastic parts that support the headphones are a complete crap, how it's possible than less of a year they are already ripped apart, leaving one side of the headphone literally flying and crashing the whole audio experience... And to make things worse the Sony support only sells the whole part, and the fixing cost is half of the price of a new pair of the same headphones. Completely insane and unbelievable."		
5	:	"Absolutely perfect for the reasons I bought them. I own several higher end headphones. These don???t compete with their sound. However, I bought these for the bass and Bluetooth. Don???t buy the hype that Bluetooth will sound as good as amped up premium headphones. These are better than other Bluetooth cans though. I prefer them over my Bose, Beats or Samsung???s. Again, while not as good in the quality department as my wired sets, they definitely hold their own and they are tops when it comes to pure bass. If you want wire free portable bass then buy these now."		
5	:	I waited for about 3 years for a bluetooth over the ears headphone to be made that I found to be good enough to buy.  I listen to bass heavy electronic music and these more than deliver.  They hit harder and better than Beats and a few others that were on demo at Best Buy.  They are comfortable and secure enough that I run while wearing them.  One of the best electronics I have purchased.  Would buy again.		
3	:	"They sound pretty natural AFTER you adjust the bass down. I have a great stereo system in my living room and a nice 7.1ch home theater. These are somewhere in the middle for sound. They have too much bass WITHOUT the bass boost and it is kind of muddled. I used the app and my equalizer to turn it down and the bass still tends to dominate. That said, they can still really rock."		
1	:	"When I received them, the left ear buzzed a little bit and after using them about 5 times the left ear doesn't have any sound coming out of it at all."		
3	:	"xb940b1: super comfy, decent sound quality, amazing bass, good connectivity, awesome battery lifexb940n1: ear sweat after about 2 hours of use, a little less comfy (can feel ear touch the speaker on the inside), better connectivity, better battery life, amazing bass, amazing sound quality (noise cancelling helps with that). went with these ones rather than the b1's mostly cause of sound quality and connectivity"		
5	:	"This headphone is the best.Unfortunately my new puppy ate the padding so I ended up buying another one.After i received the new headphones I then realize to buy the specific ear padding which is also available for 12 dollars on Amazon,well ....now I have two of these bad boys.This headphone is slick and comfortable and you will absoulty love the extra base. The battery life is amazing and all the buttons are strategically placed.As far as all the negative reviews well If you take care of it you won't have to worry about it breaking because it's pretty STURDY.I recommend this to anyone who looking for more bang for their bucks...and Lola had been released from puppy jail at least for now????"		
5	:	These headphones are great. the sound and bass adjustment is a great feature via app can adjust how much bass and a concert effect as well. Also the best thing is the range tested it out against my other wireless headphones these worked about 100 yards away from phone before any signs of losing signal no other ones even close to that and I have quite a few pairs. Block noise down great to.		
3	:	"The sound quality is great! However, I bought these for working out and it was a terrible idea. These are better used for just lounging or doing homework or walking around. No gym use. They are too heavy and not tight enough on your head to stay on during any activity past walking. I also don't think you could really lay down with these to lounge around either. They slipped off my head constantly. They are great for college students studying though in my eyes. Do not buy for working out at all though."		
5	:	"So far. the best earphone. I had Beats studio which cost more than $300. And I don't think that one is much better than this one. It cancels noise pretty well. For the price and quality and the fashionable design, it is the best !"		
1	:	"Cheaply made!I had these headphones for about 5 mouths until the right ear hedge broke off! It looks metal but it's plastic. I was putting them on and they just broke/fell apart. I kept them in a strong case to, I bought separate for them.I hardly would wear them they still look new. They only come with a 90 day warranty! I'm out 130$!I never even needed a warranty with my stuff I've bought on here.I would think they would have atleast a 1 year warranty. Now I got a 130$  peace of junk!Besides that the Bluetooth sound quality, was awesome. I would give that a 4 out of 5 stars.If you going buy these, buy them in the store with a warranty."		
5	:	"Amazing quality with these headphones. The packaging is very nice. The bass effect button brings more of the bass or less depending on what you set in the app that lets u control bass and the enviroment (like a club setting). These last pretty much all day and the wireless feature is fantastic. I use these everyday. One thing I love is that if you are not using them for a certain amount of time, they turn off themselves and let you save the battery."		
5	:	Great sounding headphones I used  them while  watching  TV by syncing it my Amazon Fire Stick and It sounds like I am at the movie theatre. I also used them at the gym the bass keeps me going and my heart pumping. They sound  just as good as Beats and cost less.		
2	:	"I had these Headphones for a small while, probably just a month or two and I enjoyed them while I could. The Wireless worked really well, the sound is really well, and the bass was really well especially with the Bass boost that it has, it just blew me away and I loved them while I had them. However one time I had them resting against my arm rest and it ended up falling onto the carpet floor, and they broke, the part where the plastic headrest met the ear piece caved in and there was no way to repair them, what a waste of my $150 and I would never buy these again."		
1	:	"The sound is amazing and I love it, but when it breaks and causes one of the sides to hang, WHILE I AM WEARING IT, I have a hard time justifying this to any of my friends. I have already applied gorilla glue to the plastic once because silly me thought Sony products wouldn't need the warranty.  Broke within 2 months of the default warranty expiring.  I am now going to keep trying to breathe life into these headphones because the sound quality is actually top notch, but the way its built, and the cheap plastic makes it impossible to use.If it had broken 2 months ago, and had been covered by the warranty, this would be a 5 star review and I would get my dad to buy these headphones, as he is currently in the market."		
4	:	"I honestly love these headphones. So much that when my first pair broke I refused to get another pair unless it was the same exact one. They sound great, the battery last a really long time, and the bass mode is ridiculous in an awesome way. That being said my first pair did break (exactly where everyone else???s broke, just look for pics). Another problem I have is with the wire itself. Not only is the included wired one of the only wires you can use with it but it gets rid of the use of the headphones??? mic. So if you???re on the phone you???ll still have to hold it up to be heard clearly. It???s really annoying for me because I tried connecting to my ps4 controller (another Sony product) assuming it???d have no problems but nope. No mic even though it???s literally a part of the headset itself. It also won???t pair to the ps4 but I honestly think that a ps4 issue though technically it???s still Sony. Otherwise if you???re just using it for the Bluetooth these headphones are the best."		
5	:	"Very satisfied with the product. You can't hear a thing from what's going on in the outside world but they sound way better with the wire. Also, you can still use the extra Bass button even with the wire."		
1	:	"I had bought these headphones and had thoroughly enjoyed their comfort and sound. Being a long-term Sony fan, and having all Sony items (ranging from their mobile phones, televisions, PlayStation 3 and 4), the obvious step for me next,  was to buy some good Sony headphones.When buying these headphones, that is exactly what I thought they were, real premium headphones for a real premium price- Just like all Sony items are. I hardly used these headphones (maybe once in two weeks) as I cherished them and treated them really delicately. Imagine my horror when I found them broken and unable to be used, due to sub-optimal hardware and materials used by Sony. If not clear in the photo, the problem with these headphones are that the pivot point for the right side is broken, rendering these headphones useless as the ear-cup keeps swiveling.This is clearly a design fault, as well as a fault arising from using cheap materials. This is observed by the countless negative reviews for this item, with people who have used these headphones for a bit longer all complaining about the same defect. The defect is better explained by another user, Joe Hoyt,""For reasons I can only speculate at, there is a channel that is carved out on the rear side of the arms that hold the ear cups. I can only assume this is for a wire channel on one side, and they chose to make it symmetrical. Regardless of the reason, this is also a flex point, as tension will be placed on this hollowed out arm every time that you spread the headphones to put them on your head. For me, this is exactly where the headphones broke, as the hollowed out space compromises the strength of the plastic.""I had contacted Sony to inquire about the warranty as my headphones are still under the 1 year warranty period, however I was rebuffed and told that this is general wear and tear. This is truly disheartening, as I have been a long-term Sony fan who convinced so many of my peers to try out their phones and PlayStations. I would like to say that this will be the last time I will be purchasing a Sony item, but that is not true as I am a real fan and will not leave them over one bad purchase; However it is quite disheartening that Sony treats clients like this, and does not take responsibility for their faults- something which this bad design certainly is!"		
5	:	"Let me preface this by saying I'm by no means an audiophile. I travel a lot for work so I was looking for something to drown out the sounds on the plane. These are not noise canceling, but I'll wear them even while reading to muffle any outside noise. The sounds quality is excellent in my opinion and the bass boost really delivers. The battery life is great as well. I can go a whole week listening for a couple hours a day and still have not drain the juice. I would rank these right up with Beats for quite a bit less."		
5	:	"Honestly, I can see where these headphone will eventually break; however, the previous owners really had to be ""hard"" on them because if you just watch how you unfold and place them they should potentially last a long time. The materials on these should last longer than my Jam Transits (old). I bought these to listen to both my phone, but mainly a soundbar replacement as I wake my family with my TV apparently. It found my LG Tv easily and I must say its nice to watch YouTube in peace whilst they're asleep."		
3	:	"I like them, but after having them for a long time, my ears are getting really irritated. The inside speaker is made out of very hard plastic (which I think is really weird). It's like having your ear against a box fan. I have no idea why they didn't cushion it. The hard plastic touches my ear and is starting to cause a blister after about 100 hours of wearing them over the last 2 months. I had my bose for over a year and wore them just as much and never had a problem like this. I wish I could return them.... oh well...."		
4	:	"I will preface this with that I have had these for 4ish months since I got these on black friday for 100$.  I honestly love these headphones, great sound, great and adjustable bass,(still alot even at low settings tbh), great fit and comfort since I have large ears, great battery life, Ive charged these like 4-5 times in the 4 months Ive had them.  I will say I can see them breaking at the point mentioned in the other reviews on here, havent run into that problem yet tho so I cant really bash sony for that YET.  My only gripe is that it isnt compatible with my ps4 even tho its a sony product so I cant talk to my teammates with these since the mic is only over Bluetooth.  Thats more of a ps4 thing than these headphones though.  Overall Id say if the amazon insurance thing covers the common breaking point of these headphones Id say I would pay full price for these any day of the week."		
3	:	"These headphones have great sound!  BUT the design is weak.  The ear pieces are attached to the headband by a plastic swivel, which snapped in half after only a month of use.When placing around your head, I would HIGHLY recommended extending the ear pieces by grabing the headband on each side, NOT by the ear pieces themselves.  That's how mine broke.  Assumed they were better qaulity made for the price...Now I'm on the hunt for a replacment piece, or at least some gorilla glue..."		
1	:	Audio cuts in and out every 20 - 90 seconds while in bluetooth mode. That combined with the design flaws that can cause the ear cups to snap off and sony's legendarily bad customer sercvice - makes this wireless headphones one to skip. Try another brand at this price point. Apparently my first review was not cleared so I will keep leaving negative reviews until they show up. ------UPDATE-- Audio SKIPS if Using with Discord - Sony GOLD Headphones are Superior to this flawed product.		
4	:	"These headphones are good. The sound quality is very good but the build quality is cheap. Mine fell once from 5 ft. and broke on one side. The app works really well and the battery lasts an entire day. Overall they???re good but they need to be handled very gently. If you want headphones for outdoors or for the gym, I suggest you find a different one."		
4	:	This is my first pair of bluetooth headphones and I have liked these a lot. Great sound- nice that u can adjust the bass with the app. Material feels a little brittle and seems like it would scratch but it has held up well and 1 small scratch. Comfortable but after 45 min my ears get sweaty. Streaming movies I notice occasional sound lag. Not sure if this is true for all bluetooth headphones. Not much flex when u put them on but adjust well to my head. Hard to tell whem batt is low although app does show u. Very good overall--a little overpriced you pay for brand name I guess.		
4	:	"Love this headphones, I had the previous version but they got stolen so I bought these, the app control is an improvement, now you can reduce the bass effect that can be overwhelming sometimes. I only deducted one star because the box was torn in a couple of spots and the USB charging cable was missing, not a problem since micro USB is very common but I didn't expected this because it's not a refurbished product."		
5	:	Sony is the best! Never disappointed with sound and quality of their products. In my opinion these are a far better sound quality then Beats. Along with the sound app these Bluetooth headphones kick ass! Serious bass for a serious sound! oh btw these are $100 cheaper than Beats too!		
4	:	"It's a great pair of headphones.  They sound great and feel comfortable.  They have a bit too much bass, even with the bass boost turned off, but thats in the description of the headphones.  The audio jack option really isn't an option as a regular audio cord doesn't fit snug into the hole.  So it doesn't really work.  Also they do seem like the would break easily where the speakers swivel, but were just extra careful with them and they haven't  broken yet.  I would buy these again."		
1	:	"Gave this headphone one star because ???Sony??? should sound a lot more quality than this! The only reason I bought is because was on sale on amazon for $88, $110 discount. The bass is muddy with extra bass function ON or OFF. Mids and highs are muddy also. The Sony app does not offer much, it???s just a marketing tool to sell more. I???m really disappointed in Sony. If you like your music turned up about 50%, I guess you can be happy with Sony XB950B1. But if your expecting extraordinary sound, as a $198 headphone should produce, STAY AWAY!!! Some Pros: light weight, stylish..."		
1	:	I had the same problem as everyone else.  Great sound and long battery life but the plastic for the piece that holes the band to the hear pieces cracks under normal wear.		
5	:	"So I just got these, and currently the are amazing. They fit well, the sound is fantastic, and the price is right. After the initial connection, they sync fast ( though you will need to download an app to use them on your phone) but it takes less then a second to sync with my phone. The built in Mic works really well for phone calls as well. If I need to update this in the future I will, but as of now I enjoy them."		
3	:	"Overall, the product is of sufficient quality for the price level. The sound quality itself is fantastic. Unfortunately, the comfort and aesthetic appeal leave much to be desired. To put it bluntly, they look ugly on the head. Further, they have trouble staying on my head, as well as cause my ears to sweat profusely. Even so, I'd recommend the product for its price point, but there are certainly better options out there if you are willing to pay more."		
4	:	"I'm not an audiophile, but these sound amazing.I use them as a headset for online gaming, sound quality is crazy awesome for this.Cons:When connecting to bluetooth to computer, creates 3 diffrent audio devices1. Playback, Stereo2. Playback, headset3. Recording, MicrophoneThe stereo sounds amazing but cannot use mircophoneheadset and microphone sound horrible, but work for calling, not for games.Can't charge and use at the same timeNo warning before shutting off, and cant turn on againOverall extremely satisfied."		
5	:	"I bought the headphones for my husband and myself. They have great sound and we both love them. I would say they are very comparable with the Beats, except $200 less!  My stepson has the Beats Solo 3 and he says the Sony headphones are just as good as his are. He likes the Sony headphones better for fit as the ear piece is a bit larger than his."		
1	:	Bought these as a Christmas gift.  They sounded great and held the charge for an amazingly long time.  Long enough in fact that when it was time for the first recharge they were already past the return window and past the warranty support window.  These will not charge! Followed all directions but the unit will not charge.  What a waste of money.  We have tried all of the troubleshooting??? tips on the Sony website and none of the reset or initializing tips help.  This is a horrible product. I would give zero stars if I could.		
1	:	"I'll lead with the positive. These headphones sound great! Long battery life.  Comfortable to wear in the gym. However, these get a one star rating from me. One star because of a now obvious design flaw which means they break easily. I got these mid July, dropped them yesterday (less than a three foot drop), and they snapped. I contacted the seller, explained what happened, and I was told they can't help me. Grr! Here's hoping Sony is more helpful. If you're looking for durable, and a vendor who stands behind their product, look elsewhere."		
1	:	UPDATE:  ok second day of using these and suddenly they don???t work anymore.  They are still paired inside our satellite dish network.  Sending these back for a refund.We like the sound and the earpieces on this unit.  It was easy to set up inside the menu of our Dish Network Hopper system for the TV.We did have a major problem with it though.  It stopped putting out any sound within the first 5 minutes and we worked with Dish Network tech support to no avail and then called Sony.  The tech had us push the ???play??? button and the on switch simultaneously for 7 seconds which did some sort of a reset.  And we???ve had it for a day now.		
5	:	"I bought the insurance thinking that it would protect against all things. But I ill communication is how insurance companies make money. They fell off my bed and the pivot broke, I tried to file a claim and they denied it with a quick automated response. Meaning not a single employee even saw it and 30 minutes of my life were a formality.Other than that, these headphones are the most amazing pair of headphones i've ever had. The adjustable head sizes meant it fit my head perfectly. Paired with the lazy boy type cushion ear pieces it makes for pleasurable listening for hours! Which is totally possible, I used these for doing homework in computer labs and the quality of sound meant the even in those loud environments I felt like I had my own private surround sound theater!Over all; Product is something of dreams, insurance is garbage."		
1	:	"We bought 3 pairs of these for our kids for Christmas 2017 and 2 are completely falling apart and the other is on its way out. This was the first time buying our teens nice headphones and they started out great. The Bluetooth connected perfectly, the sound was great, and our kids loved the look. But around March 2018, one set started to come apart where the earpiece connects to the headpiece. We tried gluing it back together but it was only a temporary fix. Then another set started doing the same thing a couple months later. Now, the second set has no Bluetooth connectivity and both earpieces are falling apart. The third set hardly gets used now because my son says it's loose and he doesn't want them to totally break. We're all disappointed in these."		
4	:	"This is just an OK headphone. Don???t expect to get the same sound quality like that of beats or Bose headphones. You pay for what you get. If you want a headphone with a better sound quality and noise cancellation then be ready to spend some extra $$$. This is my second Sony headphone. The first one came in broken and I received this afterwards. So far, I???m enjoying it. I use it at work and at the gym. In my opinion, the best thing about this headphone is the battery life. It lasts for a reasonable amount of time if charges fully. The only problem I have with it is that when u play at a very high volume, the person standing next to you begins to dance to your music. This is meant to be a headphone and not a Bluetooth speaker!!!"		
5	:	Purchased Nov. 2017. I hate bluetooth as Im lazy and rarely charge things so Ive plugged these in for the last year. I primarily use them for music and shows while working but I foolishly also used them a few times for working out as I really enjoyed the sound quality. Im only writing the review now as its Sept 2018 and the left headphone broke off.  Im sure I can glue it back.		
4	:	The only thing we don't like is that you cannot use a normal audio cable because the port on the headphones is too small.		
2	:	"bought 2 pairs for my kids, they loved them and treated them very well but, as as happened with other reviewers, just 3 weeks in, the plastic arm holding the ear cup cracked.These  live at my daughters desk for computer use, they don't get stuffed in bags and carted around. They cracked as she was taking them off her head, simple as that. I'm pissed, she is more so.Normally I'd return them, but we're stationed elsewhere so I've had a stab at fixing themthe tape all over them in the pics is me masking off the earcups so I can hot glue them back together.That plastic piece is hollow, and offers very little surface area for glue, so I cut a 1"" length of zip tie and used it to bridge the gap between the pieces on the inside, before packing it all in with hot glue.hopefully it will hold together for a while."		
4	:	"Connectivity, battery length, sound quality are all great.The fit pressure is tight as others have noticed. Also, they lock in a lot of heat making ears a bit sweaty are long usage."		
4	:	"I love these headphones. The sound quality, especially the bass, is great,they are very user friendly and they easily sync with my Ipod. I would give them five stars except the headphone  padding over the  the speaker came off 1 week later after only one use . Luckily my friend  was able to get it back on and so far it has stayed, but I am worried it may come off again when she is not around to fix them."		
5	:	"it is amazing, in comparison to beat studio 2 which is $370, this headphone is amazing and professional with sleek, clear sound and with extra bass the sound become great, it is battery life is up to 20 hours, the built-in microphone provide you HD sound and it is very clear. thank you sony"		
5	:	These headphones are great great bass great sound quality overall and Sony quality would I buy them again YES if you like bass-heavy music you will love these the Bluetooth works great and if you get tired of Bluetooth there is an accessory cord to use for your 3.5 millimeter headphone jack battery life is five stars long lasting		
1	:	"Well, if you check out the photos in these reviews, mine broke in the exact same way (where you can see the cord) cannot glue it, or tape it. It's done. Had these less than 4 months. And, these are my second pair that did this EXACT SAME THING. 5 years ago I bought the older version (older software, but the exact same physical design) and they broke like this as well. I thought, hey, no big. They're great headphones and it has been 5 years. Well, these did the same within a few months. Do not buy. They sound good, but are no use when you can't wear them ."		
5	:	"I feel like this product is a steal for its price, they're stupidly comfortable,  you can wear these for 7 hrs straight without any comfort issues except sometimes they get hot,  build quality is also really good,  battery life is absolutely amazing I've had these for a month and I've only charged them twice,And the sound quality is the best part if you mostly listen to music or watch videos and the bass effect helps with most genres of music so for listening to music and watching  vids they get a 9/10 since very very rarely loses connection for a split second sometimes,  but if you have ti game with these turn off the bass boost and use the 3.5 mm jack."		
4	:	I  just got these headphones today and so far they sound great.  Super sound quality the extra bass is very nice but it isn't even necessary depending on what kind of music you like or what you are listening too.  The phone app is great too  you can control the bass and weather or not you want the music to sound like in a Concert Hall or Arena among others. The main purpose I got these though is to listen to my TV without disturbing my roomate.  So I paired it with an Aluratek Bluetooth transmitter model #ABC01F that I plugged in to my headphone jack on my TV and it works and sounds  great without any delays. I know there are people out there that are buying these headphones for the same reason as I did and don't have a bluetooth TV so that is why I want everyone to know that these products work together. The only flaw these headphones have so far in my mind is that you can't charge them and listen to them at the same time other then that it is a great product on day 1.		
2	:	"So the sound is really good! Bass is amazing, Bluetooth is really fast.But the mini jack situation is very annoying. You can't connect a regular audio cable to this headphones, you need to use a special cable which I can't even find here on Amazon. It has to be a special profile jack, because when you take a regular jack it doesn't fit. Sony proprietary cable? Where can I buy one?"		
4	:	"I use these while I???m at work. My job is such that I have a lot of time to listen to music and such while I work. I was tired of buying cheap earbud headphones and decided to take the plunge and buy a nicer pair. These are fantastic!! If you love bass like I do, these will be a big hit. The earcuffs are nicely padded and never bother me. Sometimes I need to adjust where the headphones rest on the top of my head, but that???s not a big deal. Still very comfortable. I???ve had them for a few months and they seem to be holding up well. I keep them in a hard case in my laptop bag, which I carry back and forth from work every day. Audiophiles alike will really enjoy these. You won???t be disappointed!"		
5	:	"I've never really been a sony fan, but I tested these out at Target and was pleasantly surprised! If you are like me and enjoy any music with bass, these are the headphones for you. The extra bass boost is awesome! These headphone may have turned this Bose only girl into a Sony fan!! The rich blue color is vibrant, fantastic color. The only down side is that they do not come with a case. Minor, considering how cheap you can get one. Overall, great purchase. Well with the money I spent!! ????"		
4	:	They work pretty good. The extra bass feature works alright but not like some other brands ive heard. Chrage lasts a long time but over all a good value. Also might add that the extra bass feature only works if you use blue tooth. If you cord your phone into these it doesnt work		
5	:	"I couldn't be happier with these. I've had them for a year, they show no visible wear, they are comfortable to wear for hours of work, phenomenal battery life, they muffle outside noise effectively, the app control and bass are great. Just buy these, don't mess around with Beats, they suck. Sony is where it's at."		
2	:	The fit/comfort and sound quality of the headphones are okay but not outstanding. Where the product significantly fails is in its power and power management systems. The play time on a charge is far shorter than it should be and the power level can only be checked by pressing the on/off button for a high/medium/low status. I have yet to receive a low power status warning before it runs out of power with all checks indicating either high or medium power levels. Most annoying is that the headphones cannot be used while they are charging. This products failure to work while plugged in for recharge is a total failure on Sony's part. I would never buy these again or recommend them. They will negatively affect my future choice of Sony products.		
4	:	"Nothing wrong with the headphones in terms of quality, they look great, sound good but the headphones would always start hurting my ears after about an hour of use. Definitely a personal problem, but I talked to many people who have the same issues with headphones in general. I'll have to stick with earphones, unless I find some headphones with a bigger overall earmuff radius so that the headphones cover my ears and don't sit on the edge cartilage (which is very painful if you've experienced it before)."		
5	:	"These headphones are the best I've ever used, and I've used a lot! They look amazing, they have very clear sound quality, the bass is on another level, and there's absolutely nothing I have to complain about when it comes to these headphones!"		
4	:	"Nice sound, but where the earphone rotates is a plastic piece which easily broke.  A bit disappointed as the sound is good.  Contacted Sony for warranty and they would not cover ""physical damage"" although this was the result of normal use and poor choice in material where the headphone moves.  Contacted Sony customer support/public affairs to escalate since I was not satisfied with Sony not standing by the warranty.  Thankfully they in good faith replaced the defective headphones with a new pair."		
5	:	Supposedly for my wife but she got her own pair before her bday lol. So last night just tried it and used the YouTube 3D sound effect for headphone and was so convinced that everything was real.. now since knowing which one is for the R ear and L ear last night . The controls are more for L banded.		
5	:	"These are the headphones to buy in the wireless, over-the-ear category if you don't have (or want) to spend the extra $ for the Bose or newer Sony models.  Great clarity through bluetooth.  Clasps onto head pretty tight for those who need a good over-the-ear headphones for workout purposes.  These have an added BASS boost option and you can control your music & calls from the headphones.  In my opinion, Sony & Bose make the BEST headphones for quality and sound."		
3	:	"Sound quality is average which is further distorted with ""extra bass"" on. The bluetooth connects easily and works reliably. I paid $88 for these headphones and that's about what they are worth."		
5	:	"These headphones are awesome! The sound quality is great, the bass is great. I physically tested Sony, Bose & Beats. Sony & Bose were very close in quality. Of course Sony is cheaper. I don't think it states that it suppresses outside noise, but it does. I can't hear anything, even on med low. Download the app to customize the sound & bass range. My husband bought a Panasonic brand headset & they don't come close."		
4	:	"I am really impressed with the sound and the comfort...i wear glasses daily and I bought a set of beats solo and the pressure from the tight fit made for a very comfortable short wearing time. Now I own the swivel Sony's and for half the sound the noise cancelling is amazing, and down load the app for your own option of sounds...i love theater it's so clear ...set your own bass boost ...love the cool comfort sleek look just got already impressed ....try these"		
5	:	"I wear these everywhere. Gym, plane, walking, I would wear them at work if allowed. Soft, comfortable, and easy to clean. They keep a charge for what seems like forever and the buttons make using the controls a breeze. Would buy again or as a gift!"		
2	:	I'll NEVER BUY THESE HEADSETS AGAIN!!! A TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY!  THEY DON'T WORK WITH MY ANDROID PHONE'S BLUETOOTH APPLICATION!!  NO MATTER WHAT HEADSET YOU HAVE IF THEY DON'T WORK WITH ANY ANDROID BLUETOOTH PLATFORM DON'T BUY THEM!!  I'VE HAD THESE FOR TOO LONG AND THEY'RE AS GOOD AS THE TRASH		
4	:	"W/O equalizer setting, the sound is totally overwhelmed by the bass... feels dumb if you're not listening to any bass heavy musics. If you suppress bass frequency and amplify treble, the sound is completely what I've dreamed of.You might use it mainly through BT. But if you have Hi-Fi audio jack (like LG V20) or any headphone amplifier, it's far better to use wired connection."		
4	:	"I edit video professionally and these do the trick for me at work and on the go.  I use them daily for work and I utilized the Bluetooth functionality when traveling recently.  A great, inexpensive set of quality headphones!"		
5	:	I love these headphone!! That???s have great bass and sound. You can change the sounds with the companion app as well. I used these a lot in my ps4 and they work great. They do not function with Bluetooth for the ps4 but that does not bother me none. I love them for music as well!!		
2	:	"Out of the box the sound was just okay. The bass was muddy. The bass boost button just makes the bass muddier. The bass boost button adds an irritating 2 second pause in music while the voice says ""bass boost on"" or ""bass boost off.""The app for the cans helped mitigate the bass issues by allowing a manual adjustment through the app at increments to taste and without interruption to music. However, Sony updated the end user agreement with language that I would not agree to. Could no longer use the app.Not comfortable for extended use. Made my jaw joints and ears ache.Returned."		
5	:	"Bass is crisp and loud, but it doesn't drown out or bleed into the other ranges. Fantastic headphones at a very reasonable price"		
4	:	"After having 2 sets of beats studios, I really like these headphones. A little bulky but, they stay on great during lifting, running, CrossFit type exercises. Sound quality is great. I don???t think the bass is overwhelming like others have posted.  Not sure about the durability as i have only had them a couple months but, so far so good! Can???t beat them for the price! (Pun intended)"		
3	:	"I really enjoyed these headphones. Comfortable, cut out the noise of the city and had good battery life. However, the swivel piece that connects the earphones is extremely fragile and cracked the earpiece off from a drop from the couch. I'm really disappointed they didn't last longer. It seems like everyone at my office bought these on Prime Day discount and you rarely see them at this point because they break."		
5	:	The bass effect is awesome they sound great and battery life is good too. The first time I used it the battery only lasted a few hours but after I charged it a few times it seems to last me around 10. They feel comfortable on my ears even over long periods of time.		
5	:	Great head phones.  long battery life and excellent sound.  bought 3 sets of them.  Once my kids tried mine couldn't get them back  Download the app and as soon as you turn headphones on it links perfectly to your phone.  sound great answering phone calls through headphones.  great price.		
5	:	These headphones are baller af. I love them. They were perfect for all of International flights.  It blocked out the annoying sounds of the guy next to me eating olives & the awful crying toddlers. Much enjoyed these.		
5	:	"These headphones are great! Nice to finally find a pair that I can comfortably wear over my glasses earpieces and thick hair.  I've worn them for a couple hours at time with no discomfort. The bass effect is nice, especially for metal music, and can simply be turned off. I don't have it on most of time and the music sounds great still.  The Bluetooth works great also."		
1	:	After just over a month of use and one of the speakers is blown and sounds horrible.		
4	:	"These definitley have some booming bass so if that's what you want that's what you'll get. I thought I wanted that but I ended up missing the punchiness of less bass heavy headphones.I also find the ear muffs to be a bit toasty, not recommended if you live somewhere hot without AC.Overall they sound great though, I enjoyed using them"		
5	:	"EDIT: There was a problem with a crackling sound in the right driver. I looked it up and found that it was common. I recomend taking off the earpads and cleaning out any small pieces of hair that are on the driver. Fixed my issue. Sound great now.Really really good sound. Unlike other people here, I normally keep the bass effects on. It has really strong bass that doesnt distort or become muddy. Solid with the highs and mids too. Really easy to set up and connection takes only a few seconds. Controls are easy and make sense."		
5	:	"Very, very nice headphones. I use them at school mostly, for both music and game dev'ing. Upgraded from my 650's. I use them in both wired and wireless mode frequently. I don't think the battery life is bad at all, I charge them once a week if that. (With 4-6hours usage a day) . Would recommend to anybody"		
5	:	"I bought these right before a deployment. The fight was 18 hrs and the headphones made it the entire way without having to be recharged. Looked brand new. No minor scratches, No trouble. I have had them for 30 days now, still in good condition! Excellent buy, good quality and didn't break the bank!!"		
5	:	"Was looking at a set of Beats, but tried these and liked them more. Bought them here, with a four year extended warranty, cheaper than they were selling for at Walmart! Would definetely buy again."		
1	:	"The ear piece broke off after 3 months of use.  They were not dropped or damaged in any physical way, just broke.  It is a cheap piece of plastic that the ear piece swivels on.  I called Sony as they come with a 1 year warranty, but they wouldn't cover it, calling it ""physical damage"".  I had read that people had had problems with this but thought I would try.  Sony did offer to sell me new ones of the same model at a ""discounted"" price that was twice what they cost on Amazon lol.  Won't be buying Sony products in the future!"		
5	:	These are my go to headphones for the gym!  They???re very base heavy which helps give me a pump and the extra bass function brings some songs to new heights.  I???d highly recommend.		
4	:	"Nice Quality, Bass is good.. doesn't affect the originality of the music with the bass effect... battery lasts for a long timeEarphones are little big.. cannot hang them around the neck.. and its not good for listening music for a long time.. i wear Specktacles, usually my ears pain after listening to 1hr of music..Otherwise great product for the cost.. a good buy"		
4	:	"Great sound quality. Bass is impactful, mids and highs are crisp.Tight on ears after a long listen, also heats up the ears a bit. Can't seem to pair with my work MAC, though I haven't researched why."		
5	:	"Great build, and great sound. one of the best headphones I've ever used. I would choose these over beats any day. The padding is super soft, you could use it for hours and it would be just as comfortable as when you first put them on for the first time. The extra bass feature is amazing and has a great deep bass. would easily recommend to anybody looking for overhead headphones"		
4	:	"I've had these about 3 months now and they work and sound great if you can get them to pare to a device. So far they have only pared with my Sony TV and Sony Blue Ray player. They won't pare with anything else, Not my computer, tablet, smartphone. Nothing."		
5	:	"The only ""issue"" I have with it is that it sometimes turns on by itself when I'm at home. Other the that they work just fine. To me they sound better then my Beats Studios. The Beats just sound loud with not much depth to the music when compared to the  Sony's B1. Or it may just be that the Beats are older then my new Sony's B1s."		
5	:	Had these bad boys for a half year now. Use them for working out. The sound in my opinion is better than beats. They stay on my head just fine. To be honest for the price it's probably the best on the market in the over ear wireless headphones without noise cancelling category. They sound good too.		
4	:	"They are great headphones for Rap and Hip Hop. But they do pretty good with heavy metal too, and others along those lines. Metallica was pretty good. I was quite surprised. They fall short in other situations like the gym. They slid off my head when i was doing my sets. Ironic because they are very big. Look like two pillows on your head, but good pillows. They feel a little flimsy and i only had them for a few days. I wouldn't buy  at retail, but on sale any where to 160$ is a good deal."		
4	:	Great headphones! As an audiophile I'll say they definitely don't provide the most accurate listening experience especially for audio production however for fun listening they're great! Insane bass and pretty comfortable. After a couple hours I do feel some pressure and get a tiny bit of a headache but for the price you can't beat em!		
2	:	"Awful audio lag! These make all music video seems as though they are terribly dubbed. I'm not picky when it comes to audio lag, most of the time I can't even tell, but man these are bad. They are great if you are only listening to audio, but if there is any video involved at all it becomes a miserable experience."		
4	:	"Great sound, easy to connect and charge. So far holds a charge a long time.  I would give  five stars but they a a bit large/heavy and press on my glasses which become uncomfortable after viewing or listening for a time."		
5	:	"I was abit nervy switching from my previous MDR-X10s (Which still work great BTW), however as soon as I tried the XBs on, my oh my; it was a definite sigh of satisfaction. The natural bass is great, however being an addict to extra, the headphones are always on Bass boost mode always. The bass makes my ears vibrate and I love it.The downside though is that when am using the auxiliary cord, the bass boost is not available.Other than that, these headphones more than met my expectations."		
5	:	"To the seller I want to start with Thank You!! Had my product a little over 2 weeks and it's amazing. When they say ""Grade-a refurbished that's what they mean. You would think you gotta out the store; Not one scratch or shortness of wiring. I would love for louder headphones not that these aren't loud just my preference meaning I would have to spend more money but trust me not of ounce of me is complaining with this purchase nor the amazing price tag they have. Once again THANK YOU! THANK YOU! THANK YOU! SN: I was not at all paid nor pressed to write this this is all me"		
3	:	Very good sound and bass. The problem is the weight of these headphones. And my ears started to sweat immediately. Also really huge compared to other headphones that I have. Returned them.		
5	:	I have been on a quest of sorts for a nice over-the-ear Bluetooth headset and think I have done so with these. They fit well and sound really good both as a Bluetooth headset and when connected by wire to something. The companion app makes it so I can have as much or as little extra bass as I want.		
2	:	"At first I was very happy with the sound and ease of use, but lasting quality just isn't there on these headphones.  After only a couple months the play/pause button stopped working.  It's also the phone answer/hang up button, so it's really an issue to have it not work.  Not good."		
5	:	WOW!!! I bought these because I like to listen to music to blot out the cube farm noise. Earbuds did NOT cut it. OMG! I will never be able to max out the volume on these. The bass boost is rich and vibrant. The high notes are crisp and pure. And the headphones are so comfortable. Better than any over the ear set I've ever tried. Totally worth the money.		
1	:	Broke in six months. The joint that connects the left earphone to the head band broke. Despite keeping it in a case and only using it at my desk in my office at work. Do not buy this.		
3	:	Huabands first headphones were stolen. So bought these as a replacement. And 2 weeks later the right side swivel broke off.  He loved them until they broke. Will not buy another set.		
4	:	"I am rating this one good sound but do wish it would work with apple tv and ipad  and maybe computer as well!  Comfortable and actually rarely use the bass effect, but occasionally  :D  gotta bump.."		
5	:	Bought these as a gift. The recipient LOVES them. They were to replace a pair of broken Beats headphones.  This option was cheaper and sturdier. The sound quality is great! It really blocks out all outside noise and you can have them on really loud without everyone around you being able to hear what you're listening to.		
2	:	"Good sound.  Worked well with Android phones.Weak construction. Do not drop, swivel connection from earpeace and headband broke after being dropped onto a cushioned mat from 4ft in the gym.  Headband is weak and allows phones to slide off sweaty head.  Get the insurance. Good base when not using base boost."		
5	:	Undoubtedly the best headphones I've ever owned the sound and Clarity are awesome		
5	:	"Great sound, beautiful design, super comfortable. The best wireless headphones for that price."		
5	:	These are a really good pair of headphones and I got them on Black Friday for only $100 definitely worth that they???re even worth the full 200. A pretty good look I wouldn???t say they look quite as good as beats especially with a matching iPhone but it???s a good look and good looking color with very nice bass as advertised and really good sound quality I think better than beats for a lower price. The shipping was also very fast and they???re app for customization is really good much better than anything for beats.		
1	:	They arrived with sound only coming out of the left ear. I tried both plug and via BT on multiple devices and still the same result. I'm glad that it happened that way honestly and not a month or 2 down the road when there would've been nothing I could do about it. I returned them the same day.		
5	:	"These headphones are awesome they have put up with so much and still continue to sound amazing. These are notoriously weak though, mine have cracked in several locations and they snapped I fixed them with super glue and they are good as new. I would highly recommend them for home use and light travel. I took mine to warped tour and they were completely fine in my bag even when I was in the pit."		
2	:	"The sound and battery life were amazing, but the build quality is horrible. I just had my 2nd pair break. I took care of them, they just broke due to the CHEAP plastic construction. Not worth a buy."		
4	:	(update) ive had them for abt 5 months now there still holding up and thats good but i noticed that at higher volumes the headphones can sound muddy but other than that there good m8Just got these today.. im aware of the problems but im hoping if i take care if them i can get some longevity.. ill keep yall updated		
2	:	"They are described and clearly written up & specified as over ear.  Do not be fooled.  They DO NOT go over your ear.  They sit ON you ear and are ON EAR headphones.  Audio quality is good, but they are ON EAR and NOT OVER EAR. Terrible job by Sony classifying these & advertising them as OVER EAR.  They are NOT OVER EAR."		
5	:	"More expensive than Chinese-made competitors but worth it. My son had a pair of these which I tried and liked. At first I bought a cheap ($30) China-brand set that looked kind of like these. I returned those because they didn't sound nearly as good as my son's. I went back and bought these after trying those others. Bass effect is impressive. Phone app works, but is kind of lame. App is the only way to adjust the amount of ""bass effect."" Bass effect (once level is set in app) can be turned on and off with a button on the headphones. App also lets you pick a few different digital sound modes like ""stadium"" and ""concert hall,"" etc. Battery life is good. Some plastic parts but good build quality. Max volume is lower than I thought but more than acceptable. Only real negatives: 1) They do not come with a case (I ordered one from Amazon by ""Ginsco"" for $7 that works fine) and 2) sometimes they make my head/ears hot if I wear them too long. Kind of like wearing a hat inside. Not unbearable but a consideration if you are sensitive to this."		
1	:	"Had these headphones less than a year. plastic broke where headpiece connects to ear piece, leaving one side dangling by the wires. When looking to see if it could be glued back, noticed the other side was also cracked and about to fall apart. $100 headphones should last at least 3 years with normal use. I will now question any Sony product for construction quality."		
1	:	"Bought for my son's birthday, said he loves it and they are much better than the higher priced beats headphones he has.Update: 3 months after purchase the swivel piece has broken on the right side. Is there anyway to get a replacement?Update 9/18/17: Dropping my 5 star rating to 1! Contacted Sony regarding the warranty since I have seen several Sony headphones with the problem of the swivel piece breaking. I was told that since my model number ends in B1 and not BT it is NOT replaceable. I asked what the difference is and they stated that B1 is not covered under physical damage only the BT model is?1?!!? So I asked if it was possible to get/buy a part to fix the headphones and was told ""sorry I cannot help you with that"". Great! So I would not get these headphones, go for the same model that ends in BT, I think they are less expensive too. Thanks a lot Sony!!!"		
1	:	"Absolute garbage, the right ear's swivel broke. This has happened over two $ony headphones. Garbage, only lasted for eleven months"		
5	:	"How can it be so gorgeous?!?????????????I bought the old version not too long ago (certified refurbished) and it was crap! Since i went off the country, i couldn't return it and had to keep it. It looked like it was in slavery or something and i had to throw it out. I wish i could've returned it and got a refund, but too bad. This one looks slick!! Yumny! Thanks Sony and Amazon"		
4	:	"The weight of the cups really puts a strain on the swivels, so results are loose and shaky headphones cups. Otherwise the headphones are amazing"		
5	:	"I owned beats solo, sony xbt650. These have better bass if bass boast is enabled. I liked that fact that I can used them wired on devices that don't have bluetooth"		
5	:	"I love these headphones.  Just big enough to be comfortable without being too big.  Great sound, what is there that is not to like."		
5	:	"Extremely comfortable - excellent sound, very good bluetooth range. Highly recommended. The blue color unit I got is very striking, absolutely beautiful."		
1	:	"They break at the hinge after a few months. I've bought 3 pairs of these blasted things. The first two broke at the hinge as I was taking them off. I liked the headphones and thought no way could this happen a third time, so I bought a third set and the warranty. Lo and behold they broke at the hinge again and Sony is saying it's not covered by my warranty of course. Don't buy these."		
4	:	"Good sound when it decides to work, sometimes takes a bit to play loudly for some reason. Even at low sound the sound will play lower then usual and then suddenly becaome good again. Hasn???t happened in a while I guess because of updates but overall it doesn???t happen as much and works great"		
3	:	"I love the bass effect and the looks of them. They store very well and are very comfortable but the biggest problems I have is that they say that they are connected to my phone but don???t play any noise from my phone(yes I checked the volume) and the side beams where the screws are, it keeps breaking from the stress of the screws. I have to glue it and it still came apart."		
4	:	"Sometime, the sound was interrupted in one-tenth of a second. I think it is because of Sony software on my android phone. I uninstalled it, but the sound interruption is still continue :("		
3	:	"Extra bass worked well as an alternative to noise canceling option. Skip/Pause button frequently brushed against collared coats, causing seemingly random skipping/rewinding in playback.A single 3 ft fall snapped the left rotate hinge, rendering the entire set useless. That was the first and only fall, as I'm usually very careful with my headphones. I didn't expect it to be so fragile.I wont be buying another pair."		
3	:	"Sound is very decent for Bluetooth.  But the plastic swivel parts are too cheap.  They broke so easily.  Sony should invest a couple more bucks and make the swivel parts out of aluminum ... At least.  Otherwise a quality product.  Plastics moving parts are not good.  I like Sony products have a good also have a set of Sony PS4 headphones and those too have cheap swivel parts.  Make the swivel parts metal please.  Sony is making a come back in electronics, it is time to invest a bit more and make them last."		
5	:	I absolutely love these! Great sound. Battery seems to last quite a while. The color is awesome to.		
1	:	"As so many have said, this product is made with extremely cheap products. The sound is amazing, and it did work well, but this is the second one I have bought and it broke again in the exact same location (right ear connector) and it never even fell. No warranty too. Don't waste 200$ on this garbage."		
5	:	I've had headphones that cost anywhere between 100-250 dollars. These are by far my favorite. The bass quality is very good. My new go to headphones for working out!		
5	:	I'll take these over an expensive pair of beats or Bose. You can buy these for $50-$60 constantly. Totally worth thay		
3	:	Good quality sound. However I rate as quality of durability only as fair. This is my second one in 18 months. The connection between the ear piece and head piece broke. I tried to glue repair but really impossible to repair in its present design.  Still the sound quality and functionality were key in my buying a second one.		
5	:	"Super bass sound, but its always bass. Sometimes i cant hear parts of music i really like because its so bass. It lasts like 12 hours so... Looks amazing, and can get loud enough to be speakers for your room, but it has to be quiet in there. Otherwise has studio quality sound, plus more."		
5	:	"Blows Beats away! The bass is amazing and the ""bass effect"" feature is even more so. If you love bass you will love these headphones."		
5	:	OMG OMG OMG I have four kids that I need to escape sometimes when I am busy and these do the trick! Great bass too! I was not disappointed. They are also very comfortable. I guess it's memory phone on the ear part and I am in love with these! I also bought mines used and they were practically new once I received them!		
5	:	Love these headphones. Sounds great pears easy great battery life brand new even though it was an open box/certified refurbished		
4	:	"Excellent sound, comfortable... good value vs. Bose.  extra bass feature is nice, but don't use it much as the normal bass response is just fine."		
5	:	I chose these over skull Candy Crusher. They sound incredible and base is on point!!		
5	:	"It is what it is, EXTRA BASS. Even if you set your EQ on treble high, the Headphones still output big bass on such a setting. It accomplishes what its meant to do, which is to give the listener bass, bass, and more bass. If your into highs this is not recommended for you, only bass lovers. 5 stars.Jokerhalfbreed out."		
4	:	This headphone is amazing. The material is not The best but sound quality is the best. I have for a year now and I???m pretty satisfied		
4	:	"Lacks a bit of the mids, but they???re comfy, quality is worth it, and the sound in general is great."		
5	:	Wow! This is probably my favorite electronic purchase I???ve ever made online. These are great headphones and work wonderfully. Perfect headphones to wear to the gym. Stylish and comfortable. Not to mention they were a great deal and work to my liking. Even better the My Beats headphones.		
1	:	"Sounds great but two weeks after purchasing the right earpiece  bracket broke. After seeing the part was $40 to $50 dollars just for the replacement, I decided to use gorilla duckt tape. Then about a week later the other side broke. Don't buy if you want them to last. I regret my purchase."		
5	:	Much better than beats		
1	:	"I don't know if my pair was defective or what, but these headphones are Terrible.  They feel plasticy and are quite uncomfortable when wearing them.  They do NOT come with a carry pouch like many other brands, much to my disappointment.  The battery life is the only good thing about these headphones.  First of all- the Sony Headphones Connect app is horrible.  Literally the only two things you can do are change surround sound modes, which I guess are kind of cool but it sounds better normally, and you can turn on and off the ""bass effect"".  While Sony does advertise ""Extra Bass,""  the bass on these is terrible.  It is not powerful at all, but more importantly, it RATTLES even at low volumes.  Personally I like lots of bass and this is not good for those reasons.  Also, even at less than 50% volume, my family could hear the music I was listening to clearly.  These headphones are not worth it."		
5	:	I love it! I use this headphone on a daily BASSis. Really love the bass that it produce as it makes me feel im right there in the recording studio. Battery life is good as it never died on me... and i imagine it wouldnt be much of a hassle as I would just pop in an audio jack to continue the fun.		
5	:	"Was worried about all the reviews saying that this is flimsy, but I guess I got lucky.  Great build and terrific sound quality! Was not expecting this level of sound from BT! Also got it half off on black friday. Best buy of 2017 by far!"		
4	:	"Sound is good, Easy to set up, The mobile is app is easy to use as well (wish the mobile app had more features).  Using mine for work/web phone purposes.  The mic pick up is 'ok', but sound quality is awesome.  Only wish the profile (size) was a little slimmer, but I will survive.  No problems with shipping or customer service.  Arrived on time."		
4	:	"1. Very nice wireless connection, easy to set up and stable although the Sony app doesn't work very well (it cannot recognize my phone has already connected to the headphone)2. Sound quality is only acceptable for this price (narrow soundstage, lack of details and the bass goes wrong in so many places). If you demand a good sound quality, don't get this one you should upgrade to 1000MX2 or PX550."		
1	:	Bought these for my 18 year old nephew for Christmas. He took care of them like they were gold. FELL APART in his hand in less then 60 days of having them. Garbage.		
5	:	"good value. comfortable, with rich sound. easy pair to my iPad and android phone."		
1	:	Good headphones very cheap quality... I have bought 2 of these headphones and both of them broke just by dropping it.		
5	:	"Great headphones. Feel a little cheaply made, they are huge,  but the sound is unreal. Great for working outside or at your desk. Thumbs up"		
1	:	"Like the SkullCandy Crushers, these can not handle drops very well. I dropped from a five foot surface into grass and the rotating cuffs came completely unhinged. They dont last from normal wear and tear."		
5	:	"Bass in all modes is great! Even though not noise canceling, you can barely hear noise around you with volume up."		
5	:	"fantastic, couldnt be happier."		
4	:	comfortable with great sound.		
5	:	"Best: I left mine on an airplane & didn't hesitate a minute to buy another set. I really enjoy them. BTW I assume the biggest use is noise cancelling & music on flights. But they are wonderful for listening to an eBook on your smartphone while you're doing chores around the house or a work related podcast at work.[Don't have me busted, but I also wear them in the car, so I can enjoy MY music playlists or eBooks while driving & not disturb others.] I also like the cobalt blue color a lot. Buttons are easy to work w/o having to visualize them. They also sync easily with ones PC, smartphone, &/or car. You can also block out disturbing background noise at work & play calming music while working on your computer at work.Least: Come on guys.....include a firm thin case, no extra charge, so that they can be stuffed in a briefcase, luggage, sleeve of the car, etc. w/o being scratched or damaged--w/o extra chargeThanks for asking"		
4	:	"The brand speaks for itself, great sound though it can be louder."		
5	:	Excellent bass and blocks noise for outside very well however battery life leaves much to be desired		
4	:	These headphones are awesome they work really well the reason it's only four stars is because the the because the connection of the headphones to the headband part is very flimsy I store mine in the box when I'm not using them. But the sound is great the battery lasts forever so I'm happy		
2	:	"They worked awesome for about 20 days, and then one of the cups broke when I placed them on my head. I???m glad I purchased used headphones because if I paid full price for these I would have lost it. No reason anything worth 200$ should break during regular use. These are cheaply made at the joints and Sony should be ashamed of themselves."		
5	:	Honestly the best Bluetooth headphones I've ever had. I've had both Beats and Bose but neither deliver the sound quality of Sony.		
5	:	"I do 5 stars + 1 from me,  no complains."		
5	:	I love his headphone. You don???t need to pay much for another fancy brand. This is perfect for Whatever you needed or wanted		
5	:	"Lovvvvvvveeee these ,better sound quality  than skullcandies,or even beats studio 3. Only problem is the aux cable doesnt seem to work but the charge last forever so just bluetooth it.** aux problem fixed,ty to sony support. :)"		
5	:	"absolutely in love with these, they're amazing for such an affordable price! beyond happy, thank you!"		
4	:	Really sweet the charger is just a regular Samsung phone charger at least that???s what I use and the battery last me two weeks so it???s good on battery yo.		
4	:	"Everything is fine about this headphones, but from time to time you will notice there is little lagging between the transmitter and headphones themselves, The bass is marvel but some songs when you raise the bass up you will notice a little of shakiness artist sound."		
5	:	"Super, if I could afford it. I would have one in every color."		
5	:	"I use these daily for both work and listening to music, they are amazing! Two things that easily stand out with these headphones is the battery life and the comfort. I sometimes wear these for hours and they feel great even after a few hours."		
5	:	"These headphones are a MUST for anyone who loves bass. Even when not using the bass effect, they are still fantastic headphones in every sense."		
5	:	These things are great. I can never go above 25% of my volume or my ears would explode. Bass kicks hard and battery life is superb. Buttons (least for me) all function with no issues.		
4	:	"Good sound quality and the added base eliminates the tinty sound.  NOTE: had a difficult time with bluetooth pairing to my laptop.  Pairing to my Samsung Galaxy S8 was incredibly simple.  Just held the phone up to the headset, the phone prompted me to pair and I click yes and it was done."		
5	:	The best bass headphones if your looking for crystal clear sound and bass these are perfect. I wanted head shaking headphones and these are it		
5	:	Nice sound use daily second pair		
4	:	"I bought the headphones, I instantly loved them. I have beats and these out-preform them by a long shot, but one day they fell off my desk and the swivel where the earpiece itself is connected to the  headset snapped and broke, I was disappointied . I'm getting a refund but I am going to but them agian because they are such great headphones."		
4	:	Son loves them they work and sound great. So far no issues with the headphones.		
1	:	The ear cuff was broken off from the headband and the item is completely unusable.		
4	:	These are my second pair. The first broke after two years of using them. I read the reviews and several had the same issue.The sound is great and the battery life is decent.		
5	:	awESOME		
5	:	Bought these for my 9 year old son. Great for base-heads and a bluetooth headphone just do not expect audiophile sound !!!		
5	:	The sound quality is superb especially with the option of extra bass and not to mention the cushions are super comfy.		
4	:	"They broke. I don't use them often, but they just broke putting them on."		
5	:	"Love them, I can listen to music and still pick up phone calls.  Very comfortable"		
4	:	"Not the best, but good for the money."		
5	:	I bought these for my son for his birthday and he's been enjoying them since.Great product.		
2	:	"I heard these at Bestbuy and really like them. I ordered them here because of the cheaper price, but what I got was a surprise. The right headphones was not working!"		
5	:	My favorite wireless headphones.		
3	:	Sound is decent for $88. wouldn't pay a penny more.		
4	:	These are nice		
5	:	she loves them		
5	:	Every thing about these headphones was great . Bought as a present . My son likes them to listen to his music.		
5	:	"Gift for my daughter, and she really loves these headphones."		
2	:	"I've tried a lot of different over the ear wireless headphones and the issue is usually getting good sound quality at a reasonable price. Something like a Beats headphones has poor overall sound quality, IMO, and the price is astronomical. The Bose headphones are fantastic but they are also another $100 more than these Sony headphones. So, I had hoped that these would have good dynamic range, sound quality and durability. I think the sound quality and dynamic range are pretty good (6 out of 10, IMO) although I hoped for more.  - but it's still a lot better than the Beats headphones which are a lot more expensive (but not nearly as good as the Bose). For my teenage boys, these headphones could work from a sound quality and pricing perspective. However, my primary complaint is with the durability. The earpieces have a swivel built in - like many of these types - but that's the weak link in the durability chain on these. It doesn't take much to break that swivel point (through which the earphone wire travels). The design seems particularly vulnerable to breaking. I was really hoping these would be better because the quality of sound for the price is pretty good. I think if they could do something about that design I'd buy another pair of these."		
5	:	These are great.  I use them for the gym three or four days a week and I've only had to recharge them once in over a month.  They have great sound and truly are a better deal than the much more expensive Beats brand.		
5	:	I love these for walking my dog (and me)		
5	:	"My second pair, one for running and one for leisure.  The best sounding headphones around-my opinion.  Would definitely buy again!!"		
5	:	I love these headphones. The sound quality is great and the extra bass really takes the sound to the next level. I personally think these are better than beats.		
1	:	"So disappointed. Just bought these a month ago and we have been very careful but still broke. very poorly constructed. It is my husband???s first pair of ???Sony??? headphones thinking it would be of quality but seeing same incident with other???s purchases, really not worth it."		
5	:	"great product, not the best price"		
5	:	I love these things easily the best pair of headphones I ever had		
5	:	"Great price, great bass, cancels noise very well, and has a good battery life. Seems to be made of pretty sturdy material, I've had it for some months now and it hasn't broken randomly like previous headphones I've bought, so that's a plus!"		
1	:	"Worked great then after less than 6 months of use, one of the ear pieces disconnected from the headset. Disappointed that for the price, they only lasted 6 months."		
5	:	These headphones are great!! Sound really good!!		
5	:	Works very well - love them		
5	:	Great head phones cord a little to short but they are great		
5	:	Boyfriend loved them. Great battery life on bluetooth.		
4	:	"The sound quality is good, but I didn???t like the cheap feel of the foam and the overall comfort feeling was not great. Sound quality is nice though. ???Fresh eyes??? sounds really nice on them"		
5	:	"I like the headphones. Nice enough bass, comfortable, portable, looks good, good battery life."		
5	:	"Feels comfortable, sound is good. I've only just recently received them so I haven't tested them out to its fullest, but so far I'd strongly recommend them for their comfort."		
3	:	I owned these headphones for close to a year and they were great. Then the ear-cups started cracking and eventually broke completely. The sound quality and comfort are amazing but the build quality is terrible.		
5	:	"WOW, 0 THE BEST I HAVER HAD, AMAZING AND REAL FEST ARRIVED"		
1	:	"Plastic side pieces broke right away with normal use.  No warranty to cover the poor design.  Don't waist  your money, there are better units out there that will last.  These are very cheaply made, not worth the high price for them."		
5	:	My favorite headphones. My bf steals them every chance he gets.		
5	:	Great headphones.		
3	:	"The sound is ok, but the usb cable and audio cable is way too short and there is no usb charger. Sony is getting really cheap now."		
4	:	"Headphones have a great battery life, easy to use, and work very well. I still would say that my old Sony mdr-xb500 sound better, but these definitely sound great. Would recommend to a friend."		
5	:	Great headphones!		
5	:	"The headphones are nicely designed. Not cheaply made, and gives a great quality playing of songs. I have had these for 3 months now."		
5	:	"Sound is fantastic, comfortable fit, mutes external sound very effectively."		
5	:	very pleased		
5	:	absolutely love them!		
5	:	They work great for the Kindle Oasis.		
5	:	very good		
5	:	Great gift.  Very comfortable and love the bass boost!		
1	:	these headphones are cheap crap.  They broke within 45 days of purchase and Amazon would not replace them.  I am reconsidering my business with Amazon.		
5	:	My son uses these everyday good buy		
5	:	Great headphones. Clear highs great bass.		
5	:	I've had these headphones for 6 months and I absolutely love them! Super comfy (a little steamy while working out tho) and have great sound especially cause I'm listening to hip hop the majority of the time! Have no regrets		
3	:	"Dropped once and broke, ""accident protection"" insurance didn't cover it because it was an accident... That's not on Sony but just know the insurance is a scam, I now have a broken pair of great headphones"		
5	:	"Great purchase for the money, better sound quality than more expensive ???beats??? headphones. Bluetooth connection could be better though."		
5	:	I would recommend this product.		
5	:	"Great headphones.  Great sound and very comfortable, bass is outstanding. Nothing bad to say about them."		
1	:	"After seeing some of the reviews, I decided to leave a review. These headphones broke in the same place as the others, at the base of the stem where attaches to earpiece, with very gentle use after only 4 mos use. Of course all options for return or support have closed!"		
5	:	"Great headphones. Great Quality, bass boost is worth it. Not sure how much sound escapes but shouldn't be enough to bother other people. Worth taking on long flights, can't regret the purchase."		
5	:	"I bought these headphones for the bass and for the price, you get what you paid for.  Sound is clear, bass is deep and can be controlled on the app which is nice. Does not have noise cancellation but when the music is on you hardly notice. Overall, great buy."		
5	:	"I love these headphones! The sound is great. The bass is high quality. They feel light and stable. I???m a bit concerned about the amount of plastic hardware and how they will hold up over time. So far, I???m very happy with them."		
5	:	"Very impressed,  these are some awesome headphones"		
1	:	"Bought these around late september, and they were defective. Sent them back to get a refund, and I have yet to be refunded. Steer clear, they break easy, and you likely won't see a cent back on top of paying for postage just to return it."		
5	:	Fantastic head phones		
4	:	"So far so Good, just hate that it cant be used with computers"		
5	:	Seller did great follow-up contact. Good Sony product as usual		
5	:	Great product		
4	:	Amazing sound for the price I paid.  But feelings like it's very delicate.  Have to be careful with them I guess.		
5	:	A+		
5	:	"This headphone is awesome and the quality totally out of my expectation. The sound is so powerful and weighty, definitely best noise cancelling headphones with good value !"		
1	:	Didn't even last 5 months!!! Absolute trash just like Beats!!!!		
5	:	"freaking amazing. Great battery life, amazing sound quality and great bass. Also comfortable enough to wear all day and not get sore at all."		
5	:	Had these for almost a year and still work like I just got it a day ago.		
5	:	Not too shabby		
5	:	Awesome		
4	:	Probably my favorite wireless headphone. Cheaper than my Beats Stadio 2 Wireless Headphones that cost me 200 more.		
2	:	"Comfortable, but poor high frequencies. The sound is too heavy."		
4	:	"keep a great charge, they have a nice sound I just wish they would a just a little smaller for people with small heads.???"		
5	:	The BOMB.  Best value for wireless sound period.		
5	:	Great BASS!! and decent minds and highs. This headset is definitely for the bass lovers.		
1	:	I bought these as a Christmas gift and they no longer charge. They've been on the charger for 2 days and they died after less than 10 minutes.		
5	:	dope and great sound		
5	:	Works great!		
5	:	"Love the sound quality, apps, battery life & crisp music"		
4	:	"These really do pack a wallop for the price point. The downside to using Bluetooth is that you're unable to also add a portable amp/DAC to the signal, relying solely on the source and headphone combination to give you what you want.That's what these do. Obviously, you aren't going to buy headphones marketed around the concept of enhanced bass, and not use the feature. That said, in my case, paired with my Samsung Galaxy Note 8 and the Poweramp Pro player, they kick butt. Are they as clear and punchy as wired? No. But if you're looking to venture in that direction, and hi-fidelity audio isn't a concern, you're going to love the result with these.The accommodating Sony app is a bit of a gimmick; it's nice to see battery life remaining, but beyond that it's useless. There are different sound profiles it will simulate (concert hall, music video, etc) and they're all equally terrible if you want a clean sound.They are quite comfortable. Compared to other over-the-ear cans I've owned, there is less fatigue. I can - and do - see myself using these on flights, etc.Loudness/clipping/distortion rating, for me, is quite high. It takes a lot of volume for any of these to happen, and a hefty amount of low end EQ increase to cause distortion specifically.The soundstage is not bad. Sony, in my opinion, has always done a great job in giving a natural soundstage presence in their headphones. A few stragglers aside. Despite being bass-heavy, these are impressively natural sounding to me. Especially if you - for some crazy reason - decided to turn off the extra bass feature.Overall, I couldn't be happier with these, especially at the price I paid. It gives me a great idea of expectations for Bluetooth headphones, and what the next step up should sound like."		
5	:	"Came in great condition and I love these headphones so far, I recommend these!!"		
5	:	"Mother of Moses, the bass on this thing, holy shat! Wooooooooow."		
5	:	"I work all day with these on and they never get uncomfortable. Awesome sound, great bass, and not overpriced. If the battery runs out you can still use them with the cord plugged in."		
5	:	I gave to my nephew for birth day gift. He love it. Good quality.		
5	:	Great Sound great price especially when it's on sale like this.		
5	:	Great headphones at a great price!		
5	:	Sound and bass is absolutely exquisite. Battery life not very long.		
4	:	The sound of the speakers are not so loud. Even in max volume they are like 50%..I changed these with the iPhone earplugs to listen the same song and iPhone earplugs was louder !!!		
5	:	Favorite headphones to date. Highly recommend.		
5	:	Ty		
5	:	Solid device. Great sound and quality for use with everything from my PC to Cell Phone.		
5	:	"Great headphones! The bass option really makes a difference. I use these to connect (Bluetooth) to my Samsung TV's and for music and they are fantastic. It's like having private surround sound. You can hear so much more detail with these as opposed to a sound bar. I've watched movies, sports, and music videos and all were enhanced by these headphones. You can hear cars driving by from left to right/foreground to background, footsteps, and sounds fading and increasing just like the movies. Music is alive and the bass boost is incredible, some songs make my cheeks vibrate...lol. Even TV shows and news are enhanced. Pure awesomeness! I would totally buy these again (especially for the price I paid) as they deliver quality sound and enhance my music and movie experience. Loving these Sony XB950B1 headphones."		
1	:	Third party vendor sent a cheap pair of Bose wired headphones rather than the Sony XB950B1.		
1	:	"Despite proper care of headphones, earcup fell off in just a few months, and Sony claimed ""physical damage."" Despite a 1-year warranty, they would not stand behind it. Shoddy manufacturing. DO NOT BUY."		
5	:	comfy and very high quality audio		
5	:	I dont usually use the bass feature but the headphones are just amazing. I usually tend to listen to music at around 60 to 70% of the volume since the Sound is so loud and quality is great.Only regret is that they are not foldable		
5	:	A very nice pair of Over ear headphones. I've heard reviews that the app offered in the play store doesn't work properly but I personally have had no difficulties. The cushions are very comfortable but due to the material It can get sweaty but not from standard sitting and listening. For those who worry that the bass may be overpowering there is no need to fear the Bass Effect button's settings are adjustable so it can increase or decrease the bass to your liking. Had my headphones for about a year and they still work and feel great.		
5	:	"Well it was my first time to use the headphone. It was larger than I expected. But, after I use this, I like weighted bass. And mostly it was good price to buy."		
5	:	Impressive sound and quality at a reasonable price. My daughter wanted more expensive headphones and could not see spending that much with no guaranty that they would last. Would definitely purchase these again.		
5	:	"Pinches your ears after a while. Great sound, excellent BASE"		
5	:	My boyfriend loves them for making music and when studying in the Library. They cancel almost all noise and the extra bass really makes a difference. Perfect for music lovers!		
5	:	"These headphones are amazing, especially if you love bass. They cancel out a lot of noise even though it doesn't have noise cancelling which is nice."		
5	:	"Simply awesome, so easy to use, very comfortable, use mine for around 8 hours a day and never get uncomfortable, even with glasses, really loud, great noise cancellation, and they sound so amazing for being this cheap."		
5	:	Holds a charge for a looong time. Love these		
5	:	I Really Like these great headphones for the price. Would recommend these to anyone.		
5	:	"Purchased these for my 15 yr old grandson for his birthday.  He loves them , said the base was great!"		
4	:	Great sound out of this pair of ????!  Just wish it let you know audibly it is about to lose charge within 15 mins of dying.		
5	:	"Out of all the headphones I had and those I???ve reviewed, this was the best. Glad I made this choice over the beats, I???d probably be missing out"		
5	:	Love these headphones. They are comfortable to wear for long periods of time and have great sound quality. Take them everywhere with me.		
5	:	"If you're looking for Non noise cancelling with Bass , these are the besttotally recommend"		
5	:	Great sound and comfort cancels most outside noises and makes a great Bluetooth for the phone.		
4	:	"Very good headphones for this price. Comfortable for long time use with good level of bass, that can be controlled from mobile application.A little bit heavy."		
5	:	Sound is awesome!		
5	:	Love the amount of bass the headphone have. I was a little doubtful about whether They would be loud enough but they where way better then imagined		
5	:	"Very good headphones. Bluetooth and includes headphone plug for wired use, which is exactly what I need. Delivery was as expected. The order and delivery process was perfect."		
5	:	great !!!!!!!!!!		
5	:	I use this for extended casual listening I all kinds of music and it???s perfect especially with the controls on the headphones them self would recommend to anyone		
4	:	"everyone is like omg ur idiot why didn't you get beats. I just laugh to myself, mostly because of the quality sound and amazing base in these sonys"		
1	:	"After only 3 months of usage, this headphone broke and snap on one side.  Pictures attached. You don???t expect an expensive headphone only last for three months."		
5	:	Awesome replacement from my older model		
2	:	"I returned the first pair because the volume button and pause button were not working, so now I get the second pair and guess what? Volume button and pause button don't work. Come to find out you need a 6th Generation IPod Touch for all functions on headphones to work properly. I have a 4th Generation IPod. Wish they would have mentioned that up front. Now I don't know what to do. They work but I have to control volume and pause from IPod .6th Generation IPod isn't cheap!"		
5	:	Good value for a top-of-the-line product. Sound quality is excellent. Unit is too heavy to wear for hours of listening. The Sony XB950B1 does not have 'drivers' to connect to Windows 10 Dell laptops.		
5	:	Very comfortable and easy to use. Best wireless headphones I've ever used.		
5	:	"Got these for my husband, he loves them and so do I! The sound is great and they fit comfortably and snug."		
5	:	Ill keep this short and sweet.-clean and crisp sound.- the bass is no joke !! (DEEEP BASS)-Drown out the world around you/ Bystanders cant hear your tunes.-GREAT for working out !!!- the blu tooth range is very decent		
3	:	Very poor material. Came damaged with the two ear swivels broken.		
5	:	Loving the beat		
3	:	I liked them a lot.  There a little too big for me  otherwise a great product		
5	:	Excellent quality sound with a very reasonable price.  Very comfortable on head and ears as well!		
5	:	Thumping bass is great. Wish there was more vibrations but a great product. Sound is great. Real noise canceling . Covers your ears completely. I bought mine for $96 so I have no complaints.		
5	:	These headphones are just the best... I don't imagine how good the more expensive ones are.		
5	:	Awesome bass headphones! Great sounds and quality for the price		
5	:	Really good headphone. They have great bass and a really long battery life.		
5	:	The charge last a very very long time		
3	:	"Great sound, if you take the time to fix it. Out of the box it's far too bassy and just distorts everything. After tweaking an equalizer for a while though, it can sound pretty good. Also the voice responses to button presses are annoying and pointless, and a *major* reason I prefer the old model of these. There's no point in waiting 5 seconds for my sound to come back just because I pressed a button while someone tells me which button I pressed."		
5	:	"It???s really cool, you get to hear nice beats of music. Keeps you going. I had bought for my gym workouts."		
4	:	"Sounds and looks good, seems to be very weak though. If dropped they would probably break."		
5	:	Awesome product  bass is very good		
5	:	I recommend this headphones. They are very comfy. If you feel discomfort with the earbuds i recommend these. I bought these because the discomfort of the earbuds		
5	:	"Love it, works very efficiently, even though I put it through hell already."		
4	:	"I already had a pair of these headphones but I wanted another pair in a flashy color for the gym, price was great.  Thanks!"		
5	:	These were a Christmas gift for my nephew. He loves them. Wore them all Christmas Day. They came on time and were priced right.		
5	:	These headphones are awesome!		
2	:	"Decent headphones, but ear cup swivel is too fragile and broke on both sides. This was on the replacement set as well."		
5	:	Excellent (extra) BASS and very good sound quality. Totally Worth it!		
5	:	Sound great and they haven't broke. 5/5		
1	:	Had them for a month and the ear cups disconnected from the band		
4	:	"Great sound quality and comfortable, but a little chunky. The bass effect is great!"		
4	:	"The Bluetooth connection is stable, but I don't really like the extra-bass feature. The bass on these headphones is more boomy than punchy which I don't like."		
5	:	Such beast headphones!!! Quality is great! Hmmm for the people who wrote bad reviews: do you even know how to take care of headphones???????????????????????		
5	:	"In short words, great sound. You can listen music for many hours with it with a very good sound and bass quality."		
5	:	Great. It's great.. thise audio is the best.		
5	:	Really good headphones even for working out		
3	:	"I am facing charging problem, it takes more than 8 hours to charge where company claims 4 hours."		
5	:	Very pleased and satisfied!		
5	:	When it comes to headphones best bang for your buck did a lot of research and these bad boys take my listening experience to an un holy level		
4	:	"Very loud, long battery, comfortable... Just too big"		
5	:	i love it.......great battery life..........sound quality is the best		
1	:	This product looks fake.I bought my first pair one year ago and this one it doesn't looks good		
5	:	It is a great product great quality  for the price. Will recommend to friends		
5	:	Sill working without any problems.		
5	:	Great headphones and the sound quality is great! Don't bother wasting money buying beats.		
5	:	"My gym sidekick, love the bass."		
5	:	They???re awesome.....they have great vibration tune the color is amazing my brother loves them		
5	:	"Great item with mad bass, only thing I don't like is the thick cushions. Also I saved over $100 buying direct from the States Amazon and not Australias Amazon."		
5	:	Great headset		
5	:	Great sound quality and seems to be durable!		
1	:	I???ve only had them for 6 months and they already don???t work.		
5	:	"Great product, sound really great excelent bass and perfect noise cancellation"		
1	:	"Spent $198. Boxes were opened rudely before receiving, and there are white spots on the surface of headphone. I can not tell whether is new, used or renew."		
3	:	Nice		
1	:	"It's cheap plastic, it breaks very easy.  I used mine for 2 months only, and now they are broken."		
5	:	"Looks fashionable, sounds great, especially the bass, very impressive. However, the high-pitch sounds not that great."		
5	:	Perfect low bass headphones. These are great		
2	:	Broke easily... Twice		
5	:	Work nice and good sound		
5	:	I love them they???re sooo good and loud can???t even hear my own voice while I???m talking		
4	:	"The sound is great, but I would prefer them to be more compact."		
4	:	"Not quite as durable as I had hoped, but still great sounding headphones on par with Beats."		
5	:	I bought this one week ago. I don???t use my iphone and samsung airphones anymore because this sony airphones is great !!		
5	:	Great headphones!!!		
4	:	The bass is great but overpowers the treble too much. Needed to use the sony headphone app to strike a better balance of bass and treble.		
5	:	These headphones are awesome! Don't buy beats buy real headphones like these.		
5	:	Husband was very satisfied with all these headphones have to offer		
1	:	The Bluetooth didn???t work so I could only use them with the cord.		
5	:	Awesome bass. Awesome sound quality. Battery lasts more than a day after one charge. Fits perfectly over your ear. The perfect headphone to carry out.		
1	:	Bluetooth stopped after three months. Don't buy.		
5	:	I'm not a butt kisser for any company. But these headphones are seriously so good. I LOVE them.		
4	:	Great value for money. I expected little more quality but it's acceptable.		
2	:	Too bulky... Bass sounds fake		
3	:	"I got this for Christmas, and now in March they just stopped working, thy won't charge"		
4	:	Loved the item sounds fantastic and processed was grt. Was a damaged product but not a thing wrong ty amazon		
5	:	Battery lasts a long time without charging.		
2	:	"Sound quality is subjective, but these Sony headphones are not very good imo.  The sound quality is muffled and there is minimal separation field even using extreme on spotify, or a wired connection.  I really wanted to like these because I like the style and they are very comfy as others have stated.  But my beats-x earbuds are 100 times better sounding than these."		
5	:	Easy to use. Good battery life. Great audio quality.		
2	:	"Broke after 1 month,  fell on carpet floor,  extremely fragile"		
5	:	Absolutely a fabulous headset! Great buy		
5	:	Great sound		
5	:	"very comfortable, high quality sound, versatility of Bluetooth or aux. much better buy than beats imo."		
5	:	"First pair of headphones I've bought. Much cheaper on Amazon than in stores. Work well, long battery life."		
5	:	Great bass and battery life.		
5	:	"Great sound, excellent battery life!"		
5	:	"Came in great shape, works very well.Amazing sound, great clear bass, super comfortable.Find them to be my favorits:)"		
5	:	These headphone are amazing in every way. A weeks worth of battery and volume loud enough to cancel out a crying group of kids.		
5	:	"The battery is insanely good! The bass is heavy, but not too heavy. Perfect for gaming, but no mic. The Blue color is so beautiful."		
5	:	"Never got my paid for product,and this device along with the others in my recent orders never maid it to this address."		
5	:	Buen producto		
5	:	"I bought these for my husband. He has another pair but those were JBS, they broke within a few months. He LOVES THEM!"		
5	:	Awesome best headphones ever		
4	:	Like the bass.Seems fragile on the swivel		
5	:	iPhone and car Bluetooth and Mac book		
1	:	Total waste of money!  Bought for my husband as a birthday gift.  Had to return first set as they never would charge.  Replacement set worked for a couple of months and now they will not charge it turn on.  I told him to throw them in the trash and will get him some Bose which I have and love.		
5	:	The bass boost was beautiful!! Couldn't ask for anything better for the price.		
5	:	Wow great pair of Bluetooth headphones the sound quality is excellent and comfortable fit over ears .		
1	:	Got these for my son for Christmas. They worked great at first but know they won't keep a charge. Disappointing for sure.		
4	:	Very nice sound..... love the appo		
1	:	Este art??culo no es el de la descripci??n recib?? auriculares mdr 600 con cable estoy muy molesto		
5	:	"Amazing quality and great bass, feels good"		
5	:	bass is very powerfull nice modal		
5	:	Sounds awesome!		
5	:	Great Sound a good product		
5	:	Would buy again		
4	:	"Its a good headphone, arrived ahead of sched"		
5	:	"Great service when in need,will definitely buy these product from them. Very pleased."		
5	:	Very good everything!		
1	:	"just over one year and they have failed to pair, sucks.Can't return, Costco anyone?"		
2	:	Great pair of headphones. But it broke so easily.		
5	:	"Wish they were waterproof,sweat proof"		
5	:	Works without any problem after 3 months use.		
3	:	"Right off the bat they feel very comfy. The sound is good not great but pretty damn good. The ear cups are very soft. Overall I???m liking these headphones. Reason why I???m giving it a three is because they feel very weak and I notice the most common bad reviews on these headphones is that they break easily. So I???m just going to hold on to them and come back in a few months with an update but I got a steal on these, they go for 200 I got them for 88."		
5	:	I wish there were more stars! I rate it 100 out of 100.		
5	:	Amazing sound! Better that Beats by far!		
1	:	Missing mid to high range completely		
5	:	Todo ok		
5	:	Great headphones!		
5	:	SOUND IS AWESOME!		
1	:	break very easily.		
3	:	Sound is very good can???t hear anything full volume		
1	:	"I am extremely upset. If I could rate this -10 or negative stars I would. The headphone ear pad on the right literally ripped a the seams after no more than ten uses. I promise when I say I take extremely good care of my electronics, I really am careful. If you look at the headphone there are no other scratches or tears, but only at the seam. I called SONY and sent pictures. When they asked me to take off the left ear pad, it ripped and Sony said it was physical damage not covered by the warranty. If the seams were not made correctly by the manufacturer they should provide replacements. When I called Sony the guy even accused me of saying something I did not say. I am so displeased by this and upset. I will never buy anything from Sony again if this is how they treat their customers or make their products and don't do anything to make something that was their fault correct."		
5	:	Love these headphone		
5	:	One of the best things I got this year.		
5	:	It was a great purchase. I am amazed with the sound quality of these SONY hearing aids.		
5	:	"Clear and no noise ,I like it"		
5	:	Great!I like everything about it...		
5	:	Awesome for price have owned Bose before great quality!		
5	:	"Loved the sound quality, hated that it felt hot because it covered too much of my ear. I live in the tropics."		
5	:	Awesome		
5	:	"Love it. A little tip, try to turn off the equalizer on the device playing the audio to get the best of the extra bass in the headphones."		
5	:	Great headphones		
1	:	"Piece of crap, broke like many have said before."		
2	:	"I found the sound quality to be poor considering the cost of these.  Treble was weak and bass was loud but muddy.  There is no comparison to my Logitech Ultimate Ears UE 900s earphones.  The Sony was light and comfortable at least, and the controls were easy to use, so they get a star for that.  I considered returning, but with the cost and hassle of international shipping, it's just not worth it."		
2	:	"The headphone's Sony round plates popped out and was unable to be reattached after a small fall, and the arms that hold the ear up had snapped. This was a first for me as the older model that doesn't have have the voice over battery notification felt like a better quality plastic being used as I held both of them in my hands and noticed the 2017 model felt like a lighter cheaper plastic, so I should have known but I like to give chances and sadly this one cost me. I'm going to reorder the older model than these. I learned my mistake, and also the older model has a longer battery with the better sound quality compared to the newer one as the earcup cover used feels more thinner than the other, so I'm assuming the sound with have a different tune. What shocked me more than anything was the cup size was actually reduced, as my ears fit perfectly with the older ones, even after 2 years of usage. These I have to fit my ears by hand."		
5	:	excellent product and Amazon reliable and very fast		
5	:	Real good headphones. Love them.		
5	:	Son loves them!		
5	:	Everything ok		
4	:	Great headphones		
5	:	I love them it keeps the surrounding sound out when I'm in the gym!		
5	:	They re awesome		
5	:	Everything perfect!		
5	:	Love them so loud for bass and theyre good		
1	:	Loved them. Broke after a few months just from taking them off my head.		
5	:	crisp and clear sound. totally cut out from the outside world.		
5	:	LOVED!		
5	:	Perfect!		
5	:	Happy with the purchase		
5	:	Amazing headphones. Got it for a great price. Highly recommend.		
2	:	They are good but the connection to headphones is not good.		
4	:	My 17 year old son loves these.		
3	:	Why there???s no voice in my left set when I use wire input?		
5	:	"I Love it, and it's Perfect!"		
5	:	Love them so far.		
5	:	Fantastic sound and great bass. Each and every beat is clearly audible.		
5	:	thanks to very fast delivery		
5	:	"The best headphones are perfect, bass is amazing, the audio is so clear."		
5	:	"The sound is amazing, I use it for traveling, I really like my headphones."		
3	:	"I accidentally left my Sony mdr zx780 dc at the gym and they were long gone before I noticed a couple hours later.  I loved those headphones.  While the noise cancelling wasn't that great they sounded and fit perfect.These headphones, however, sound really good, but man are they big.  They're straight don't talk to me at the gym big lol.  I found that they also weren't the most comfortable.. just after 10 minutes my ears were stinging and red and they're really heavy.. my old ones I could hardly tell they were there.  If you have a way to try these on before ordering I would do you don't have to go through the hassle of returning them.I'm probably just going to repurchase my the sony mdr zx780 DCs again.  I'd like to upgrade to the mdr 1000xs but I'm not sure if buying a refurbished pair for 200 is worth it."		
5	:	Ok		
1	:	"Connector connecting the earcup and headset broke in a month. Customer service forwards me to a repair agency which say they'll charge 75$ Labour + shipping + part cost. That part costs less than a dollar and they are charging 75 times the cost, it was made out of plastic. Overall the headset has a very poor construction. If you look up online you'll find thousands of people facing the same problem. Stay away and save your 150 bucks!"		
5	:	"Arrived fast, safe and sound!"		
5	:	Great quality		
5	:	Amazing sound amazing price nuff said		
5	:	Exceeded my expectations for sure		
5	:	Nice		
4	:	It's worth it		
5	:	"Nice sound.,."		
3	:	"Good , but push on ears"		
5	:	"Battery is kinda short, but it???s really great. I love it"		
5	:	Bought for wife. She loves them!		
3	:	I don???t know how can I fix it.		
5	:	"Great choice,. Much better than any competitors."		
5	:	They are amazing.		
4	:	Good headphones		
5	:	"GaeGGool.... bluetooth works well, Bass boast is also good"		
5	:	Excelent!! The better product that i bought.		
5	:	They are some of the best headphones I've had.		
5	:	Good quality		
5	:	It's a very good product.		
1	:	Total crap		
2	:	After 1 month the blue tooth broke.		
2	:	ear padding came off after two months		
2	:	You should be better		
5	:	Excellent purchase		
5	:	Simply amazing!		
1	:	"Everything is great, excellent, but the build quality is somewhat poor, it produces a clicky disturbing and distracting noise when worn and moved a bit.If that issue doesn't bother you, buy these, great sound quality and excellent base, and they are comfortable too."		
5	:	"UPDATE 6/19/18:  Out of the blue, I received a friendly email from Sony telling me they have decided to replace my son's defective headphones, which we received today!  We're thrilled because we thought this was a dead issue.  Therefore, my review has gone from one star to five.  Thank you, Sony!Got these for my son for his birthday 5 months ago.  A couple of weeks ago, the right side fell off, held together only be a wire.  Upon closer inspection, a small plastic ring inside the ""swivel,"" (which is what normally holds it together) was broken.  That's when I looked the product up on Amazon to see if anyone else had had this issue and sure enough, there were people who had this and other issues with these phones.  Underneath each negative review, there was a reply from ""Sony Social Support.""  They apologized and offered their email address so they could help people out, so rather than leave a negative review, I contacted them, attaching my receipt and a photo of the broken headphones.  Eventually, I received this reply:""Thank you for reaching out to us first. Please contact our support team once you have the time at 1-800-222-7669 (9am to 12mn EST) and have the receipt ready. Our support team are the ones authorized to process any replacement/repairs.At this point, I can???t promise that it will be replaced automatically as they will still review or request additional pictures from you but I strongly advise that you make the call.Best regards,MarkSony Social Media""After following Mark's advice, I contacted Sony Support, only to be told that the warranty doesn't cover this issue.  Then I remembered that I also purchased the additional protection of a Square Trade Protection Plan.  Called them and they said that since it didn't sound like ""normal wear and tear,"" they didn't cover it either, although they did refund the $10 I paid for the plan.  I desperately called around the repair shops near me but nobody handled the casing.  I then attempted to repair it myself.  I'm normally pretty good at fixing stuff but this would require a replacement part, which I actually bought online.  It came with no instructions and there is no obvious way to execute the repair, without spending many, many hours."		
5	:	I like it very much		
5	:	Sound really great!		
5	:	Awesome		
5	:	This Headphone is perfect!		
5	:	"These headphones are amazing! I had the beats 2.0 studios that cost me twice as much, and these are so much better! You can raise the volume to the highest and the quality is still amazing! I would recommend for bass lovers and music lovers in general! The fact that they are wireless is also really good, you can run, and do things on the move without having to mess with any wires. I have the red color which makes them look really awesome as well!"		
5	:	good for me		
5	:	Incre??bles		
5	:	Very nice!		
5	:			
1	:	Ive had these headphones for a while because i wanted the right ones. I was wrong. The headphones broke within 3 months of owning them. The part that supports the speakers are made of cheap plastic. As good as they sound i would not recommend these to anyone. Theyre definitely not worth over $200 neither. They were $150 when i bought them and they cost $99 at walmart. And then the warranty is worth having. You basically pay this much for these crap headphones and when something happens to it you cant even use the warranty. Dont be a fool and get took like i did. I recommend beats by dre. The quality is better. Sony just lost a long time customer		
1	:	"DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT. This is a truly truly terrible product. These headphones are very brittle and when they break there is no warranty coverage. The customer service is awful at Sony. They don???t listen to you or care about there product quality. My picture is after 1 month of wearing them, and they were never dropped or stepped on or anything to force this, it???s just such a brittle product. truly terrible manufacturing from Sony."		
5	:	"These are some of the best headphones on the electronic market. The EXTRAS BASS option is amazing, and the acoustic tones are very warm to the ear.  ??Have little patients, pairing the headphones to your cell phone, and you'll enjoy every minute of music.  ??Use the VOLUME buttons on the ""Right ear cup to turn voulme up higher"", and download the app for a advanced listening experience."		
5	:	Nice		
3	:	So yea they look really nice but they are horrible for working out! You can hear everything going on in the outside! And the sound is pretty normal for the prize. The extra bass sucks. And just found out there an app that you can use with any headphones that does the same thing that this product app does. Not worth the money.		
2	:	"Good sound, nice quality, good looking. My only real complaint is a big one. NOT good for people with big melon heads. Small and very uncomfortable, within about 20 mins I ended up with a headache. Sent them back for a refund."		
3	:	"I expected a lot more from Sony. I work from home and use these often. People often tell me they think I am using a speaker and that I've walked away from my phone. If I move my phone a little, it usually improves immediately, but it is pretty annoying for an item that is this expensive."		
5	:	"Gift for my daughter.  She LOVES them.  Way better than Beats at 1/3 the price.  The sound is great, she loves the color.  Almost took away a star because the case was not included.  At this price point other brands include a case,The case for these was 10% of the cost of the headphones."		
2	:	Not really a good headphones .		
5	:	I bought these on sale and can say without a doubt that it's one of the best headphones I've ever purchased(and I bought a 400$ pair of Monster headphones once).The low volume on lowest setting doesn't hurt my sensitive ears. They're lightweight but of a comfortable quality fitting over my ear without a problem.  The battery lasts a few days of 9-5 use before I have to charge again and the controls on the headset allow me to have my phone in my pocket and still have access to pause/next/prev and volume buttons.  They're a joy!		
5	:	I went through 3 different sets of head phones before I settled on these. I still get a little pain around my ear if I wear them too long. The sound is amazing. The bass is great and the bass boost really knocks it out of the park. Buy with confidence.		
5	:	"not a big fan but my wife loves the headset for having very comfortable and soft pads. the bass is overwhelming it does cover the link hiss, however. A very decent gaming and tv headset, but not good enough to handle a lossless audio stream."		
5	:	Many reviews stated that these break easily. Seems to not be the case. Have had them for about two months now and havent had any issues. Just use them as intended and youre fine. Great bass levels and sound quality. Noise cancelling and bluetooth were a plus		
3	:	"I owned a pair of wired Sony headphones originally manufactured in 2001 (Sony MDRXB700). Aside from wireless functionality, these were a downgrade in almost every category. The bass was emphasized, yes, but the sound quality was very poor aside from bass.Pros+ Sleek visuals+ Comfortable+ Bass is emphasizedCons- Very poor midrange and treble- No case for protection- Swivel connector between earphones and headband seems likely to break with years of use"		
5	:	"Best choice. I love the price, and the sound of it. The app is s big +."		
1	:	"There are other headphones that not only sound better, but are cheaper and won't break nearly as often as this pair does.It's difficult to express my disappointment in this product. The first time I ordered it, the left headphone didn't work. I refunded it and got a new one shortly after. That was less than a year ago. Now the left headphone has stopped working again. Ignoring that, the bluetooth is less than garbage. It's rare to listen to an entire song without hearing the sound cut out. This isn't worth the money, plain and simple."		
2	:	"Pros: Comfortable, and decent soundCons: Bluetooth battery life is NOWHERE close to 18 hours. I let the headphones charge all weekend, and come Monday I had them on from 930 to 12 Noon WITH NO BASS BOOST EFFECT when suddenly a nice lady was in my ear telling me to plug in the headphones to charge them. So, not even three hours of Bluetooth connectivity with NO BASS BOOST before you have to charge these headphones. I think that 18-hour estimate must be based on the headphones lying completely inert on standby mode or something."		
4	:	"The multilanguage drawings probably won't get you started. But once started, the earphones should impress you mightily."		
5	:	These are the cats meow. Great sound and heavy bass. If you get the app you can adjust the bass more. Great buy I recommend and I love my music. Great battery life too		
2	:	"I wanted to give these headphones a chance but was highly disappointed. The bass is weak, even when ""boosted"" all the way up. The sound has no punch to it"		
	:	"Whether we wanted it or not, we've stepped into a war with the Cabal on Mars. So let's get to taking out their command, one by one. Valus Ta'aurc. From what I can gather he commands the Siege Dancers from an Imperial Land Tank outside of Rubicon. He's well protected, but with the right team, we can punch through those defenses, take this beast out, and break their grip on Freehold.	January 31, 2018	5	""	Whether we wanted it or not, we've stepped into a war with the Cabal on Mars. So let's get to taking out their command, one by one. Valus Ta'aurc. From what I can gather he commands the Siege Dancers from an Imperial Land Tank outside of Rubicon. He's well protected, but with the right team, we can punch through those defenses, take this beast out, and break their grip on Freehold."		
1	:	I cannot get this head phone to pair with my Bluetooth phone and my grandson tried to but not able to do. How do I get a refund on this product?		
5	:	"Highly satisfied with my purchase. I was so torn between these or Beats by Dr. Dre and I'm honestly glad I went with these. I compared the bass/sound quality with my friends Beats wireless solo 3 and the Sony's have way more bass, and more precise sound quality. Superior quality, especially for the price."		
5	:	My son likes his set.  Good sound quality and volume range.  Durability is also good (they get taken all over the place w/o issue).		
2	:	"Incompatible with Kindle. Product support could not get working for Kindle and there is no product info telling you this. Kindle works with many other bluetooth devices. This headset works fine with other devices with good sound. For price does not come with any instuctions, no AC adapter or case.  Will be returning."		
1	:	The right headphone was detached when I got it. And there was tape holding it together. Returning.		
5	:	Best headphones ever. Your ears will love these. The sound is so perfect. I definitely recommend these earphones.		
2	:	These sound very nice and were very expensive. They also broke in the same exact place as several others have mentioned ... the headband where it connects to the headphone itself. These also were well cared for and only lasted 5 months. Very disappointed in Sony as my whole family has always bought their products fo the last 30 years at least. Boo. Don???t buy these headphones.		
1	:	"Not happy at all with the headphones. I got them about a month ago and the first one would not charge . The 2nd one would break sound when connected with the cable  and it physically broke( one the ear buds broke it off). I went with Sony because I bought a $20 pair of headphones 5 years ago, mistreated the hell out of them, and they are still kicking it. So I thought the more expensive one would be even better. Boy was I wrong. Battery didn't seem to last as long as advertised. Sound was good when wireless, pairing was as easy as beats headphones.( may be the only good thing)"		
3	:	"You can still hear noise plus the range for Bluetooth is not far, am not able to walk around the office without it disconnecting."		
2	:	"Definitely consider other options before buying this pair. When I got them, the bass was awesome. This may have been the best bass headphones I have ever had. But the headphones cannot be collapsed, and the first time I dropped them on thick carpet mind you, they broke. they lasted two weeks. Not worth the money you pay for them."		
4	:	my son loves these he gets great range for bluetooth		
5	:	Great pair of cans! Good range and battery life is amazing. Seller shipped quickly too. Very happy with this purchase!		
5	:	"Lots of bass.  Not as great physically as some of the higher end Sony BT models with touch controls, ect but the sound is really good and the price was affordable."		
1	:	"Cant hear from 1 head phone. Cant, after many attempts understand why. Xmas gift so im kinda screwed. Wanna talk to seller but this is NOT gonna work. Girlfriend went back to $15 dollar set of headphones. Feel like a schmuck."		
2	:	"After two weeks, it stopped working on one side.  Sound was not good on the one ear that was left working.  I sent it back."		
5	:	This is the best headphones for bass. The ear cups feel like marshmallows on your head and it???s super comfortable to wear for hours. Overall this is a great product and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a pair of headphones with a ton of base.		
5	:	"The bass is gangsta, its like riding in your car with alot of subwoofers."		
5	:	they exactly what I was looking for in head phones		
4	:	Comfortable around the ears.Good sound.Bass is Bass!The App gives good sound affects.Easy to operate.Good looking design.Noise cancelling is good.		
2	:	Ear pad fell off within 3 months of me buying it and warranty doesn???t cover physical damage in any situation		
3	:	"The music and sound is great, but the headphones are a bit heavy compared to other ones."		
5	:	"Best over-ear, Bluetooth headphones for the rice!!  :)"		
5	:	Very good set of headphones and with excellent sound quality!!!!!!		
4	:	"I previously owned the XB950BT which I believe is the predecessor to this model. They are largely the same, but my last pair broke a little easily (I hot glued them back together). These seem probably the same build quality, but for the $80 Cyber Monday price, you will hardly find many good competitors. I also think the app control is new for the B1.BLUETOOTH IS GETTING GOODI generally hate low-quality audio; when I walk past people playing music off of phone speakers, it sounds like nails on a chalkboard to me. Along this vein, I typically prefer headphones with a cord, as it delivers the best possible audio quality. That being said, I am very impressed with how far Bluetooth technology has come. Yes, these will compress your music a little to carry the wireless signal, but frankly I think it isn't noticeable for a majority of people. These headphones rock. You get incredible sound, nice and loud, and the noise isolation is good enough that I didn't feel the need to pony up for noise-cancelling (I do not travel or take public transport, though, I could see those being good for travel).EXTRA BASS AND EQ APPThe extra bass function is tasteful especially for hip-hop fans. These cans sound like you're in a car with a sub-woofer. The app is kinda worthless to me, as iOS already shows the battery percentage, and I don't care for the EQ settings in the app.LEAST FAVORITE CHANGEThese B1s now say ""Bass Effect On"" and ""Off"" when you press the button, whereas the previous model did not. It's annoying as heck because it silences your music. It's a step backward. It's not like you can't tell when the bass is on -- there's an indicator light, and it's incredibly obvious just by listening. I have no idea why Sony decided to add this, I don't understand why they have to interrupt my music.CHEAP BUILD QUALITYWarning that you may want to get a travel case for these, they're entirely plastic and don't fold in any way. Everything is made in China.MISC NOTESThese cannot charge and be used at the same time, BUT you can still get audio over the headphones cable when the battery is dead, you won't get any bass effect though. Still would be better to be able to charge.COMPARE TOI think these are infinitely better than Beats of all kinds, for the price. Better than JBL, better than Skullcandy, better than many brands. But I would not go as far as to say they are better than slightly more expensive Audio-Technica models, etc. Frankly, these are the best sub-$100 bluetooth headphones that I know of."		
5	:	Really good sound quality. Noise cancel works wonders. Highly recommended		
5	:	I love it		
2	:	"This product did not work.  We bought it as a gift for my Dad for Christmas.  Then we've been working since then on trying to sync it with their TV.Even though their TV did not have bluetooth, we bought another item that was to make the TV bluetooth and we worked with that company to sync the headphones via their adaptor to the TV. Nothing has worked, and now it is too late to return it.  I even tried to sync it with my bluetooth capable TV, but it doesn't work at all.  I even reset it, as per the instructions with the headphones, and they still do not work.  I like the look and the fit of the headphones, but they are useless if they don't function. They did not do what they say they do."		
5	:	Muy buen producto		
4	:	So good		
1	:	"I am a musician for about twenty years and I have to say that this headphone has the most fuzzy, muddy, unclear, too low and too weak sound I've ever experienced which make it the worst headphone of my collection because, sound is the most important factor in making headphones it should be clear and loud as much as possible. And it came to me with an open box which make the seller disrespectful and unprofessional."		
2	:	I still need to send back for credit.Faculty with the Bluetooth unfortunately and I have other devices that work fine the Bluetooth on this device does not work for my situation so I listen with a wire instead of Wireless which I don't care for the bass it's not as great as I thought it would be.I hope I can still return them thank you very much		
2	:	"I purchased these headphones on Prime Day. These headphones were on sale and I thought I'd give them a shot. I've had connectivity issues with the headphones. A problem I have noticed was when I was watching any streaming site, there would be a delay in audio so the audio wasn't synced to the video which really was irritating. I have tried the MPOW wireless headphones and they were almost exactly the same audio quality as the original beats. I would not suggest these headphones."		
5	:	"I am very satisfied with these they sound great, I think these and the Sony MDR 1000x are among the best on the market!"		
5	:	"Awesome sound, awesome everything."		
1	:	Does not work for Android. Its not designed for Android.		
1	:	"This is a horrible sounding headphone. It's hollow and nasal sounding, the mids don't exist, there's no extension in the highs, soundstage is garbage, instrument separation is terrible, and it's so congested. The bass that mainstream people love is a muddy one note bass.I'm using it with a Walkman that uses Sony's LDAC technology and it still sounded terrible.I'm guessing the people who like this headphone, are people who only listen to simple rap music and use bass and volume to measure sound quality, aka the beats crowd."		
5	:	Dude! great price amazing product!		
1	:	Bass is too much overpowering.		
5	:	If you don't worry about how you look wearing them on a plane- these are the best headphones for sound- and they block out external noise by they way they seal around your ear.		
5	:	Awesome best bang for buck		
1	:	"Cheep plastic, last only a year, not going to buy them again. Other wise good headphones.Tried superglue to fix them but no success."		
2	:	"I have the 2016 model but there is a design flaw that wasn't fixed by Sony. A little over a year since I bought these, the plastic piece that connects the ear cup to the head band cracked between the two screws. On the photo, the space cracked is where the model number is written between the two ear cup swivel screws. Headphones are now useless, and out of warranty. Expensive purchase to only last 14 months.Sound quality is excellent, but the design flaw makes them worthless. If they were $50, go for it. The 2016 model actually can be had for around that price now. Also the stereo cable is proprietary. There is a sleeve on the end that makes it stay plugged into the headphones and if you lose the cable you can't just use a standard cable.I had a pair of Sony headphones 10 years ago that quit working right when the warranty ended. I thought 10 years might have made them better. I guess not."		
4	:	"These Sony XB950B1 headphones are somewhat of a mixed bag for me.  In the end, I like them pretty well despite a few issues, but I'm not sure they're worth the price of admission.Design wise, I really dig these.  They look super sleek and have a very Sony-esque smooth techie kind of vibe.  The blue color is definitely eye-catching.  The headband frame is metal, but alas most of the rest of the parts are plastic.  They are lightweight but feel sturdy enough, though for $200 I'd really love to see more metal used in the construction.  I do find these headphones to be very comfortable, and I get a great fit thanks to the swiveling earpieces.  I find that fixed earpiece headphones don't give me nearly as good a fit, but the rotating earpieces here allow just the right angle to cover my ears properly.  The padding is very comfortable and provides a good seal to block external sound.  These are not noise canceling headphones, but I find that they block external noise really well on their own.The controls are easy to learn and work well for me.  Within a few minutes I was able to control playback and volume by feel using the right side controls, and the left side controls for extra bass and power are equally easy to use blindly.In terms of sound, these are definitely heavy on the bass, all the time.  In fact, I can barely tell any difference with the ""extra bass"" on or off because there is already so much bass presence.  They don't sound bad, but if you don't want enhanced sounding bass all the time these aren't for you.  I find the overall sound to be very pleasant, rich, and warm, though I find them lacking a bit in the highs, which aren't especially crisp or sparkling.  I can definitely enjoy using them with about any kind of music, but they're ultimately good but not great in the sound department.  I am glad to report that there isn't a hint of background hiss or noise, which I have found with some other bluetooth headphones.I am pretty disappointed in the Headphones Connect app.  It has only two features: surround sound (with arena, club, outdoor stage, and concert hall settings), and bass enhancement control.  I don't like surround sound effects (though these are certainly distinctive and effective), but I do appreciate the bass control - primarily for the ability to dial DOWN the bass.  I wish, however, I could do that without having to use the app.  Unfortunately, the ""extra bass"" button on the headphones doesn't have a low bass setting like the app, so you have to use the app to listen with a decreased amount of bass.  I also wish Sony had put a full blown graphic equalizer in the app, but they didn't and it sure feels like a missed opportunity.  My Android phone has one, but it would be much more convenient if Sony put more control and power into their app.The bluetooth connectivity works fine, and the range is solid - good enough for me to be in one room with the headphones while my phone is in another room.  Battery life is excellent.All in all, these are good but not without caveats.  If you love bass, they have it in spades and offer a pretty nice sound all around despite lacking some clarity in the highs.  If you like a more natural sound (without super enhanced bass), the only choice is to open the app and dial down the bass, which is a hassle and only goes so far.  The app is also disappointingly sparse.  On the other hand, these look great and offer a fantastic fit for me.  At $200, I'd only recommend them if you really want that bass.  Otherwise, I think you can find better sound for less."		
3	:	Any new features?		
3	:	Sound quality was good. There were Bluetooth connectivity problems ( i may have got a defective piece ). But its a good product to buy.		
3	:	normal...		
4	:	Works well.  Bass is heavy but that is what you expect on a extra bass headphones.  Music isn't as clear as most products but again there is emphasis on the bass.  Still should not leave out as much mids and highs.  Visually headphones are awesome to look at.  The red pops and are eye catching.  The foam isn't the softest I have had on but are still well made enough to have very long wear.  Able to sift through most ambient noise by passive noise cancelling.  Calls are clear and can be heard through mic.  Control panel is easy to use and get used to.		
1	:	"These headsets can only be charged by a booted, running personal computer using certain operating systems (they are limited and exact in their requirements)..  Although they have a micro USB charging port it will not work with a universal charger, such as used by cell phones or tablets.  Not suited for long airline flights."		
4	:	"I haven't had these long, but used them a few times.The up: Really good sound, good battery life, charges quick, easy to connectThe down: I bought these to workout in so I no longer have the annoying cord in my way, I find my ears get sweaty with this style of headphones, which is nothing against these specific headphones, but just a comment about this style of headphones that I had not thought about before.Bottom line: I would definitely recommend these to my friends (and already have)"		
1	:	"I had really enjoyed these headphones up until the Ear piece broke off. All I did was put them on my head and the left ear piece snapped off. I tried call support and was basically told ""o well too bad"", they refused to replace my product despite how much they cost and despite it having a physical defect in the product. I would avoid this product simply because their support service is absolutely insulting and dose not care about the customer at all. When I pay over $100 for an item I don't expect it to break in just a couple months from really light use.??Sony XB950B1 Extra Bass Wireless Headphones with App Control, Black (2017 model)"		
4	:	"Bought these a few weeks ago and just saw these go on sale for PRIME Day. I went to a big box store (twice) and tried every single headphone they had from Sony, Beats, Skullcandy, and Bose. I kept coming back to these and was surprised the bass was (imo) better than most of the Beats products. If I needed a new pair of headphones I wouldn't hesitate to buy these. I'm not giving them 5 stars because there is a Sony model (I think the X100?) that does sound better than these, but also at a higher price point."		
5	:	"Excellent Bluetooth wireless headphones.Sound Quality===========They have a nice full sound.  I compared these to my wired klipsch earphones.  I use to think my Klipsch were pretty good.  But there really was no comparison, the Sony Wireless Headphones were exponentially better.  Nice full sound, good bass.  You will not mistake these for a good set of STAX headphones or good speaker system.  Audiophiles will no doubt complain.  But they are quite respectable in terms of sound quality.  So far the are the best bluetooth headphones I have tried.Bluetooth Connection=================I connected these to my Ipad, my Samsung S7 Edge smartphone and to my Samsung TV.  They all connected easily enough.  The only problem I had was getting the sound to come through on the Samsung TV when I ""re-connected.""  In other words the first time the sound came through as expected. But when I tried it a couple of days later, the TV and the headphones would say they were connected, but the sound did not come through.  I suspect it is a Samsung TV issue.  As I didn't have the same issue on the Ipad or Smartphone.Comfort=======These headphones wrap around your ears and are quite light and comfortable.Switches and Miscellaneous======================On off - hold it for 7 seconds and it will go into pairing mode.Bass SelectVolume  + -Play/Next/Last selection3.5mm headphone Input to connect to another device with supplied wireUSB Cable supplied for charging - Full charging takes 4 hours and will provide 18 hours of use.Packaging========As has become the custom with Sony products, the packaging is quite high quality and attractive.  Not a big deal...but some will appreciate it.I did not get a chance to try the microphone, so I have no comment on that.Sony Headphone Connect App=======================I was not impressed with the App.  It has various sound modes like Arena, Concert Hall, Outdoor Stage etc.  It mainly muzzled the sound.  I found the best position was ""Off.""  You can increase the Bass with this app. But other then that, I did not find it useful."		
5	:	"These headphones sound great, pair quickly and easily to bluetooth enabled phones and computers, and have simple control buttons.They work very well via bluetooth, and also wired - I prefer the sound of them wired, but as wireless go, they sound great.  They have onboard next track / last track buttons, volume control, enhanced bass on / off, and power.  The controls all worked paired to an iPhone 5 and a Dell laptop running Windows 10, with no driver downloads necessary.The enhanced bass might work for some folks, but doesn't sound so good to my ears - I usually listen to music flat, so any 'enhancement' usually feels unnatural - that said, on some newer minimal techno tracks the added bottom was pretty cool.The bass amount is adjustable via the Sony headphone app, which runs on iOs and Android, although there is no PC version of it.  This is a minor beef of mine - can't we get a version for our laptops as well?  It can't be very difficult to migrate to Windows proper, or MacOS.  Give us the choice!That aside, these look great, sound good, and pair effortlessly via bluetooth.  Of course, you will have to charge them via USB to use them wirelessly.  The wired connection sounds great, thicker than the bluetooth connection, but that's to be expected.  They have a generous and flexible headband with a lot of flexibility, so no worries there.  If you listen to trance, techno, or hip hop, you might really appreciate the bass boost, but it's not so great to me - still, considering what good performers these are, it's a nice added feature if you want it.Sony has been making excellent headphones lately."		
4	:	"The name of these headphones says it all ??? good overall sound quality with an emphasis on the bass.I easily established a Bluetooth connection with both my iPad and Android tablet.  I have not experienced any problems with the connection ???dropping??? with either device.  The first time I connected to my iPad I was offered a prompt to download the Sony Headphone App, which allows you to control the headphones from the app itself.  Other than testing this out I haven???t bothered with this app as the manual controls work well and I prefer to use them.  I???ve been averaging about 11 hours on a single charge.The headphones have that oversized retro look that makes me think of polyester bell bottoms and Farrah ???wings??? (ah, the 70???s!).  The fit is comfortable; the headphones do not fold for storage.  At this price point I think these should have come with a case, but they did not.  I enjoy the crisp, clear sound quality, though there are times when the bass is overbearing and I wish I could adjust it lower.  Overall I like these headphones and am getting a lot of use out of them."		
5	:	"As an avid music listener and concert goer, I seek and appreciate great sound and acoustics!Having owned numerous sets of headphones and earbuds over the years, I have to say, these are some of the best I've owned.For years specializing primarily in electonics, Sony has definitely upped its game over the past decade or so in the likes of audio output specifically with their headphones, and these fall nothing short of AWESOME!!!!From the super duper comfortable fit, which is a challenge for many headphones and earbuds alike, the clarity and crispness of the sounds especially at high volumes, and the technology built into this model with GREAT Bluetooth conncetivity as well as the special App you can download to customize your listening style and bass boost, and check battety life.All in all, these headphones are nothing short of amazing, especially for the price point!Lastly, I would like to question the integrity and validity on some of the reviews in this thread, as I read through most of them, and can't help but to think some of these people either do not have the ear for listening, so may as well by $10 cheapies, or just flat out are trying to bash the Sony brand for some reason.... maybe a bad experience or something, who knows --- but some of the best headphones I've ever owned.Thanks SONY!!!!!"		
5	:	"Wonderful sounding headphones.... these have really great sounding bass. The vocals also sound good to though, however the bass (low end) is really what makes these exceptional sounding headphones. Really happy I managed to buy these on Prime day however honestly even at the regular price these are well worth it IMO. They have more bump than all the beats models I've used/owned. Plus they are less money than the wireless beats studio 3 headphones.They are also extremely comfortable so you can wear them and not have to worry about your ears getting sore. The other nice thing is that you can turn the bass boost on and off. Because some songs don't sound so great with it on."		
4	:	"This is an excellent Bluetooth headphone but I have an issue with it.On the positive side the sound is good, and the strong bass is a lot of fun.  The highs are not as crystalline or airy as on some more expensive headphones, but the overall sound is very good and easy to listen to.  I play the bass, and the bass boost is a real bonus.  By turning on the bass boost it is even easier for me to pick out bass lines which is useful for learning how to play sounds.  It also helps with hearing my own bass playing when listening to youtube clips of performances of the bands that I play with. The Bluetooth connects easily and the freedom from cords is nice even at the sacrifice of some sound quality.The negative for me is the shape of the ear cups.  The headphone just doesn't fit my head right.  The cups are not fully circumnaural but also not cups that fit on the ear.  They press down the edges of my ear and become uncomfortable pretty quickly.  This is a quirk that applies to my ears and I'm sure there are other people who will also experience this but there are others who will find the fit to be comfortable."		
5	:	"Probably one of the better, reasonably priced headphones I've used. I primarily use Bose QC35's however I like that heavier bass in these for when I'm out and about. For those coming from Beats or any other bass heavy headphones, this is a pretty solid pair of cans. Other units costing double/triple what these are are pretty much on-par in terms of sound quality but without the laughable price tag. I've used plenty of other ""extra bass"" headphone, both in-ear and over the ear, but none really lived up to the hype. Sony, it seems, understands what extra bass is and these and the MDR-XB80BS earphones are the only ones that I've used that truly dish out some good bass. Battery life is pretty good and comfort is very nice as well. Big, cushy ear cups are pretty comfortable to wear even after a few hours. Dollar for dollar, if you want a nice pair of headphones that deliver good sound, you can't really do wrong with these."		
3	:	the sound and BASS is impressive but wearing these headphones became uncomfortable after only 20-30min of use..my ears got sweaty and just got too hot quickly.. maybe it's because I'm more used to earbuds but just something to consider. I can't really compare them with anything else but if you don't have anothernaound system or never heard music with sub woofers this might be the only way to really feel what you've been missing out.		
4	:	"Recently, I have received new headphone to test ??? the MDRXB950B1 Extra Bass Wireless by Sony.These headphones provide high quality sound when listening to music or a television show on Netflix.  The extra bass will enhance all the low-end frequencies for deep power on every track.Let me list for you the things that I really like about these headphones.The battery life will last you for 18 hours which is very nice.  Charging it is quick too though it will take about 4 hours or so to do it.The headphones possess a special button at the bottom of one side for the extra bass.  Having the ability to put the extra bass or remove it depending on how you feel is a nice touch.  Personally, I am not seeing the difference but my two teenagers told me without a doubt that the bass was more predominant when the button is pressed. Mind you I know that I have issues with low frequencies sound so that might explain why I cannot make a difference.These headphones are wireless and gives you freedom to move around without having to carry your device with you.The hand-free calling and the voice assist function permit you to answer phone calls or to use Siri without taking your device our of your pocket or purse.The extra cable which allow you to use the headphone wired instead of wireless.  Great option for people who prefer to have it wired.Very visual instructions that are easy to understand.The ability of controlling the sound level on the headphones.The major disappointment for me came when I started wearing these for an hour or so.  The earpad is very soft but I find the circumference a bit smaller than the other Sony headset that I have.  Consequently, when a woman who wear earrings that have butterflies in the back after a little while the back of the earrings will press in the back of your ear and cause a bit of pain because the sharp part of the earring is sticky out.  If the circumference would have been slightly bigger this wouldn???t be a problem.Another thing that could be annoying for some people is the fact that the headphone will tell you when it is on and when it is connected.  Personally I didn???t mind it but one of my teenagers said that it was annoying to hear it every time you press on the start button and it connects to the device.This model comes in three color ??? Black, Red or Blue ??? what ever the style you have.  I have received the black one but there is a touch of red on it which I really like.These headphones are particularly made for the following devices: iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone 7, iPhone SE, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 5S, iPhone 5c, iPhone 5, iPod Touch (6th generation).  However, I have an iPad mini 2 and it worked fine with it as well.  Something that I find funny is that the app Headphones Connect is listed for iOS and Android.  So I suspect that the headphones could be used for other types of devices.  Also note that I didn???t have to download the app to be able to connect the headphones to my device.In all, these headphones are fabulous and can make a great gift for a teenager who enjoy more bass in music.  When you purchase Sony, you can be certain that there will be quality in the product.  There is only slight disappointment for me when it comes to wearing earrings and have these headphones on.  I suppose that will time maybe you won???t feel the back of the earrings anymore and some people are less sensitive than others.  These headphones are definitively great if you are looking at getting some wireless ones.  You won???t be disappointed."		
1	:	"It's really unfortunate that Sony made a great sounding set of headphones, but decided to construct them out the cheapest plastic possible. Like other reviewers, the plastic arm broke off and was beyond fixable. They basically turned to junk in under 6 months.Strongly do not recommend and has encouraged me to chose against Sony in the future."		
5	:	"My teen son and I both have a pair of Sony headphones, one is this model and the other the last model.  Both pairs of headphones have lasted over time, even with my teen treating them roughly. In this price range, I think they are the best.They sound great and transport you to another world with the Extra Bass(which can be turned on and off with a touch of a button). The music is crystal clear and sound as well.The Bluetooth pairs easily and the charge lasts as it is supposed to do. The head strap is adjustable and the ear part moves to fit perfectly.  They are super soft and don't put pressure on your head as others do. You can answer calls while wearing these and can be heard clearly. The buttons took a bit for me to figure out but you get used to it with practice. You can control everything from the headphones by using the buttons. There is an app that you can download which will give you options for other types of sound(like concert setting) but I find that I am happy with them as they are. All you have to do is charge them every so often with the included cord and believe me, these headphones will make you smile from the purity and deepness of the sound. The colors are superb, dark and deep with a little gleam. They do not fold but there are cases for sale that fit just fine as I have one or stands as well."		
5	:	"My husband received these as a gift and they've been awesome. It's a throwback listening to 90s hip hop again. Reminds me of that heavy bass we had from our car audio systems or big speaker systems back in the day. They also pair great with my iPhone 7. I can wear them around the house wirelessly connected to my phone. I haven't tried them on a plane yet, but I love the idea of not having to wrap cables up in my bag and get tangled with my other stuff. So far so good with these, and love the memories they brought back."		
3	:	"First off, these sound great! They are a little bass heavy for my taste even without the bass boost disabled. I can not recommend these headphones to anyone because even with light use and careful handling the arms that hold the ear cups have now broken in three different places. There is a channel that is carved out on the rear side of these arms(for wiring I assume) that hold the ear cups which reduces the strength of the arms. These arms have now broken in three different places and from the reviews here I can see that some other people are experiencing the same issues. I repaired them with sugru, but then a month or so later and they would break in a different place. This time I don't think that I can repair them and the warranty has now expired. Please see pictures for break areas and obvious break and repair points using blue and yellow sugru(I ran out of blue)."		
5	:	KILLER AWESOME KICK ASS		
1	:	"Don't buy these headphones! I wish I never did. The sound is awesome but the hinge breaks so easily. I keep them in a hardshell case and only Keep them out to wear while studying, streaming on my laptop or long tips. (ie not at the gym, not while moving around a bunch, not while doing anything too crazy to where I could break them... They were expensive)I bought them about 8 months ago and took them out of the case, swiveld the ear to put them on and it snapped.These are not cheap headphones so you would think that Sony would put a metal joint in there to ensure durability, not plastic. I'm still going through the process with Sony right now. Save your self the headache and don't bother with these. I will not be buying from them ever again."		
5	:	"If my opening header is to be true, then I should have received a half broken, muffled sound producing, duct tape dawning piece of gear. This did not happen, these Sony headphones took the Beats & Bose taste test & put the titans of the sound on the chopping block. In fact I was able to test these exact headphones head to head against the Bose QuietComfort 35 Wireless & the Beats Studio 3 headsets. I am no professional audiophile by any means & nor do I own high-end audio testing equipment. What I do have are ears that have been listening to music of all genres for over 35 years, & in those 35 years I have never listened to sound as crisp, deep & throaty, & without a hint of crackle or distortion. This headset that Sony has put to market blows the others away, & here is how I tested them side by side in case you are wondering how I came to this conclusion.I used each headset in 3 different areas of my home, the kitchen (wide open with many hard reflective surfaces), in my bathroom (a small space with many hard reflective surfaces), & in my basement (very wide open area with little to no hard surfaces to reflect sound). In each area I used the same Bose Wave 3 machine for the background sound source that played ambient noise (fans cheering, horns/cars, airplane take-off/landing, & random white noise of talking on a train/bus). In each case I tested the headsets with the ASC (Active Sound Control) on, as well as off, & also wired/non-wired. I used a 5 track playlist where each track played for 3m:45sec. Each track played had a specific role used in the testing. The first was a low frequency test (bass & distortion), the second was a mid-range test (vocals mostly), the third the tweeter or high-range (lots of acoustic guitar & the like), the forth was used for constant sound of all 3 wave lengths (each range played for 1m:15sec), and the fifth was intermittent 10sec bursts of the same sound ( used this as a control test for the previous test to listen for gaps in the ASC performance). In each area of my home I played these tracks in the headsets while the background music played & also a control where there was no background noise at all. Each headset was used with & without the ASC on & off, as well as wired & wireless. In the end the Sony headphones either matched or just flat out beat the others (as in the 10sec burst test where the Bose had a slight delay where the sound would stop & the ASC would have a slight hum for a just a moment then fade). The Sony???s held their own against the Titans of sound, & in fact IMO they downright beat them. There is no complaint about quality of parts, attention to style detail, or PRICE!!  So stop right now if you are looking for a great headset, @ an unbeatable price, & is quality made by a quality company. This headset will meet and/or exceed your demands of a wireless headset w/ noise canceling capabilities. Oh and I did not forget the added bonus of a mic built into the Sony???s. I also used them to make calls to my wife (the owner of the Bose used in the tests) in each of the areas, with & without the background noise. She found that the Sony???s in fact had a much clearer deliverance of my voice, while masking nearly all background noise. I also found that the Sony???s had clearer deliverance of my wife???s voice in the areas of my home that had many hard reflective surfaces & in the crowd cheering & bus/train talking tests. I hope this wasn???t too long of a review & it maybe helped you along in your ability to choose a new headset."		
5	:	"These are AMAZING headphones!!  They will blast the nose right off your face!! I use them for lifting, and they actually stay on my head/ears.  I am a powerlifter, so that is a big plus, as other headphones slip around a lot or fall back off when benching, deadlifting, etc.  The ""Bass Boost"" is great, so you can control how boomy you want your music.  When you do hit it (Respecting how loud you like to listen to your music, I personally like it bumping in my ears), then you get some amazing BASS and good quality sound.I over research and look up everything about products, esp. electronics, before buying.  Reviews are everything, and these definitely don't fail!!  You can go with some overpriced BEATS by Dre or BOSE headphones, but honestly get the same thing for much cheaper and IMO, a better product.These are my second pair, because yes they did break at the pivoting joint portion above the Left ear muff, but that was due to it falling out of my gym bag onto a tile floor and a 1/2 full gallon water jug landing on top of it juuust right.  So without a doubt, I purchased a second pair!!  At the price, was not as much of a blow as spending $200, or even $300 on a second pair!!Just buy them and see for yourself.  Enjoy and happy listening!!"		
3	:	"They broke. I had these for over a year, and there were such amazing headphones. The bass and sound is just perfect, so natural sounding. The cushioning was fantastic, and I got them for $100. It was an amazing deal for the price, I usually could get 12 or more hours off one charge with Bluetooth.Just recently I pick them up and one earphone turned a bad way by gravity and snapped. It really sucked, if these had better build quality they would be the best headphones for the money. It's honestly such a shame that the biggest flaw is the build quality.  You have to treat these very gently obviously, the rotating earphone is its Achilles heel, one wrong movement and they're done."		
5	:	"Amazing bass and sound quality. I was able to block out heaps of traffic noises even with music on low volume. Great sound quality, no matter what I'm listening to or what environment. I chose red because I loved the color - it's vibrant and stands out without being too bright.Love that it is wireless. Easy to pair and has control so you can change volume, turn on/off on the headphones itself"		
5	:	"This??Sony XB950B1 Extra Bass Wireless Headphones with App Control, Blue (2017 model)??is a truly excellent product.It is lightweight and VERY comfortable. It produces truly excellent sound quality. And it is very easy to use. The controls are such that they are easy to feel by fingertip and you do not need to remove the headphones in order to use them.The extra-bass function is useful some of the time. When it's not appropriate, it is easy to disable.And though they are not ""officially"" noise-cancelling headphones, they do greatly attenuate extraneous sounds. We have a clothes dryer that has a very loud buzzer indicating that the drying is complete and I could barely hear it while using these 'phones.Pairing is easy too. Sometimes it ""just happens."" Other times you hold the power button down for about three seconds until you hear the announcement that pairing is activated. Then you just pair the 'phones with your other device.Using these headphones with a cell phone is easy too. The built-in microphone provides a seamless telephone call, both transmitting and receiving. I have made several telephone calls using these headphones and no one could tell that I was using them.It is a real pleasure to be able to sit back in my easy-chair and just talk without holding onto anything.These 'phones are so comfortable that I have used them for several hours at a time on at least five occasions so far.I generally use them for listening to Internet Radio stations (I do not often make cell phone calls) and, as I stated, the sound quality is excellent.I also have a pair of??Francois et Mimi VT006 Active Noise Canceling Over-Ear Headphones??which also produce excellent sound quality when listening to Internet Radio. (They are Bluetooth-equipped also.)But those headphones cannot be used for cell-phone conversations as they have no built-in microphone.Plus the Sony's battery life is much greater than that of the Francois et Mimi ones, though, to be fair, the F&M 'phones' price is only ?? of the Sony's price.I do want to mention Sony's Android ""app"" for these headphones. Frankly, it is of minimal use. It allows one to slightly (only slightly) adjust the bass but essentially that is about all it does. I have tried it a couple of times and, being disappointed with it, I do not plan to use it often, if ever.But as the ""app"" is optional and free of charge, having it doesn't hurt anything. And if you don't have it, well, that won't hurt anything either!I like both of my Bluetooth headphones.But, because of the extra functionality, I'll be using these Sony 'phones far more often.I do want to mention that there is a fitted case made for them: the??Hard EVA Travel Blue Case for Sony XB950B1 / XB950N1 Extra Bass Wireless Headphones 2017 model by Hermitshell.It is an excellent adjunct for these headphones and comes in various colors to match the color of your 'phones; as mine are blue, I bought a blue case. You can read reviews of this case, mine and others, detailing the pros and the one con concerning it. But, even with that relatively small con, I recommend this case.And obviously I highly recommend these headphones. I believe that most people who buy a set will be as pleased with them as I am.Thank you for reading this review and for considering it.Lawrence H. Bulk"		
4	:	"good quality and bass, but mediocre on the mid & high frequency"		
1	:	At first these headphones were great. I received as a gift and loved them so much I bought a pair for my husband and my father. But within 18 months ALL THREE PAIRS broke. The black plastic piece connecting the ear pieces to the headband was the piece that broke in every case. Sony was unwilling to repair them. These are too expensive to last such a short time. Save your money and get another brand. I have attached images of mine and my husband's pair. These were gently and infrequently used.		
5	:	"First - you need to play with your EQ settings. I primarily use my iPod, but these phones are obviously designed with tablets and phones in mind, as the phones have an app to control the sound as well as being able to handle phone calls. With everything at the defaults, the bass is noticeably muddled. Once you adjust the EQ, things improve immensely.The phones are both wired and wireless.  When powered down, they act like regular phones and use the included cable. Plug into your device and use as regular phones - great when the battery in the phones is dead.  Use the wire and power on the headphones  (maybe you want to conserve battery power in your device and not power up BlueTooth) and the bass effect works - although volume and the rest do nothing.  Plugging in the cable automatically disables BlueTooth on the phones.Over BlueTooth, the phones control device volume, skip tracks and all the rest. You can also accept calls although I did not try that aspect.  The bass can be overpowering and is VERY dependent on your EQ settings. I really like Centhron (German metal band) and their bass is fantastic. These phones handled it without distortion and the sound quality was very nice.  Don't expect killer volume when wired - it's very device dependent. On BlueTooth you have dual volume control. The phones don't control the device volume - they add to it. So if your device is at full volume and the phones at full volume the volume can be painfully loud.Fit:The phones are designed to be angled slightly forward and the height adjustments are very high up so you need to be careful not to snag your hair when closing them up. The padding is very soft and vinyl covered - they don't adsorb sweat but WILL trap it in the phones.Construction: A mix of plastic and anodized aluminum.Audio specs are only provided when used with the cable:FREQUENCY RESPONSE (HZ) 3???28,000Hz (with supplied headphone cable)SENSITIVITIES (DB/MW) 102 dB/mW (with supplied headphone cable)"		
5	:	"I thoroughly love these headphones. They are super light, as in it feels like they might be cheap but the quality of the build is classic Sony. The controls are built in and once connected via Bluetooth become second nature. I use these in the gym. Mainly because they are so comfortable to wear and light. I sometimes forget I have them on. The bass response is ""extra"" but not over the top like some cans I own. When you get to a very bassy song you can hear a decent amount of bass without much distortion. The trickiest thing I have dealt with these headphones is the initial Bluetooth pairing. For some reason, my phone would not see these. Even when in blue tooth pairing mode on both the headset and my phone, it didn't show up. Tried several times off and on again until finally it just appeared. Once paired they connect every time.The battery life is really good! I get a good 2-3 workouts before I plug it in to charge. As yet I have not run them dry.Pros:+ Light weight+ Good sound+ Easy to use+ Built in controls+ Long battery life+ High end appearanceCons:- Pairing was tricky initially- Announcements within the headphones go off while powering up (generally not wearing them at that time) Can be a tad annoyingOverall extremely happy with these!"		
3	:	"I got these as the deal of the day during Amazon prime day. The sound quality is Ok. No need for the bass boost mode, just muddies up the sound.To start things out positive, they are comfortable. I can wear them for hours, and I am not bothered by them. The battery life appears to good. And finally they look decent.Reasoning for only 3 stars:The lack of a dedicated pair button can make pairing devices without nfc /non smart devices a pain. The only way to connect to a non nfc device is from powered off mode, hold the power button for approx 10sec until it says ""bluetooth pairing"". The user manual mentions nothing about need to hold the power button longer than the message that says ""power on"" and makes it sound as if when it's not connected /paired it is searching. If you mess up in that process, you need to power them off and start over.The next negative is the complete sound interruptions built into notifications. Whether you're checking battery level, turning on /off the bass effect, or reaching the max/min volume the sound well mute completely to give you a notification. To check the battery level, you sound is muted for a whole 3 seconds.  I think it would have been a better approach to tone down the sound rather than just muting for upwards of 6 seconds depending on what notification you're getting.Conclusion:In all I would not buy these at their full price, and would even be hesitant at the prime day deal price I got them at."		
1	:	"Anyone who has owned a decent pair of headphones knows these sound awful. Wait until the V-Moda Crossfade M100 goes on sale...that's a fantastic headphone and I bought them cheaper for what these are selling for now. Also, it's worth spending the extra to get the Sony MDR-1A instead of this rubbish."		
3	:	"I thoroughly enjoyed these headphones. Used them extensively over the last 15 months. Read the reviews of the fragility of them and took the precaution not to drop or throw them around. It still snapped today.They were quality headphones, sound and bass were superb, and battery life lasting so long that I'd forget to recharge them at times and they power off. The pads were soft and smooth to the point where the only thing causing long use irritation was sweat. I didn't use much of the Bass Effect (I've got a bit of sensitive ears and extra bass sometimes hurt), though friends who've used the pair do enjoy them.I got these on sale for $100, but them breaking now is kinda irritating. I'm going to spend another 5 bucks on super glue to fix them, but at this point, I'd advise to purchase these at your own risk"		
4	:	"WHAT I DO LIKE:- That glossy blue finish. Pretty little thing.- Very comfortable.- Hands free controlling. Love how intuitive it all feels. Having a shuttle type dial for playback and phone controls is absolutely wonderful. Controlling this thing is a very simple affair.- Killer bass. If you listen to bass heavy music, I can't imagine you'd be unhappy with these.- Battery life seems serviceable. Haven't had it die on me yet, even after hours of continuous use.WHAT I DON'T LIKE- I said killer bass earlier which is always appreciated but it almost feels like the mid range suffers a bit for it. The output isn't exactly crystal clear as the bass seems to take center stage above all.- That control app is a joke. None of the surround presets are worth selecting and the only other thing you use this app for is to comment to SongPal which I still don't know what it is and to adjust the 'bass effect' level. This is basically a waste of space.- My PS4 recognizes this headset via Bluetooth but the two aren't able to work together. That's pretty silly if you ask me, as I would have loved to use these for it.These are a very good pair of headphones with minor caveats. They both look and sound very good and I'd have been happy to give this product a full five stars if they hadn't blocked off use with the PS4. Sony, what gives?"		
1	:	"One of the worst purchases I made. Within less than a month, the part that allows the headset to tilt broke without any trauma or anything of the sort. The following week the same thing happened. For the past couple of months I've had to duct tape both sides. Just yesterday, one of the sides completely gave out finally leading me to write this long overdue review. I absolutely do not recommend this product to anyone. Fortunately it was on sale when I bought it, but even at that price, knowing what I know now, I would have not purchased it."		
3	:	"I purchased these back in July of 2017. I've been fairly happy with them. They have a lot of good qualities: materials feel nice, the over the ear really covers my entire ear, it has a nice smooth sound. However, after using them at work for a number of months, the first snap of the plastic piece surrounding the earmuff broke. I attempted to use E6000 to adhere the plastic but was unable to get a good enough grip to really make that work. Eventually, I ended up using the gorilla tape to connect the pieces. It was janky, but it worked. Every time I moved to place the set onto my head, I could feel the plastic within shifting. So that wasn't great.Fast forward to two weeks later. I think once the structural integrity was already compromised, the other one just SNAPPED as I was removing it from my ears. Again, I attempted to fix it with gorilla glue, but this time, it seems like it will not work. The sound is permanently altered - it is muffled and cannot be repaired.After seeing how Sony didn't help the other reviewers, I looked up the replacement part for this headset. It's $80 plus shipping! Nearly the cost of the headsets now! It just seems absolutely not worth it. And so, although these were expensive for me, they are going into the trash.I had enjoyed them for a bit and thought they would be able to be an investment for my work headphones. I'm upset that I was taken in by a terribly designed product. I just hope that in the future they'll be able to reinforce the plastic."		
4	:	"I have always been pleased with Sony products.  This headset has a lot of pluses:--sound is excellent--They don't have true sound cancellation but the headset still does a great job at blocking outside noise--price is good for the quality of the product--half price of some of the other bluetooth wireless headsets of similar quality--They are sturdy--hold their charge for a long time.--attractive look--very easy to charge--works great with my iPhoneThe only reason I'm not giving them a five star is that they are a bit heavy for my head.  To be fair, I suffer from migraines, and I don't like anything heavy on my head.  My Bose headset is lighter, but also twice the price, and the sound is just as good with this set."		
5	:	"This is an extremely good, value bluetooth headphone. It isn't studio-quality sounds, however, it delivers a very high quality, satisfying sounds, over bluetooth. And I have now worn this through 2 different trips, and it is comfortable to wear for extended periods of times(which many headphones are not). The battery life is long, just as advertised, so I have been able to use it for multiple days with just one charge. There are just enough buttons to make navigation easy, but there aren't an overload of features that it becomes unintuitive. The mix is okay. The only down point of this headphone is that in order to sell the bluetooth capabilities, it has cripples the aux function. The buttons don't do anything when connected over AUX.TL;DR; This was a very good headphone at the original price point of $200, but now that it is only $100, I strongly recommend this headphone if you are looking for a solid, budget bluetooth headphone for yourself or as a gift."		
5	:	"These headphones are a great value.  As the saying goes You get what you pay for?  Do not expect it to sound like one of those pricey high end wired headsets with noise cancellation.  If you are an audiophile you will appreciate the sound from these, but  if you are an audiophile you probably already have a high end set that sound much better.Good quality, great battery life.  No problem pairing with Android device, music control buttons work so do the answer call button, they also have volume control and an option to turn off Bass Effect or turn it on.Bass Effect is set via an app for your phone.  The app is neat and simple, first option is different presets with names like Concert Hall, Club and a few others.  Second option is to lower or increase Bass to your desired listening mood.The Bluetooth range is above average quality.Overall im a happy customer.  Wireless headphones, decent sound quality and great battery life.  Practical and convenient, one minor thing to mention was that it doesn't come with a case or pouch for storing them when you're on the go.  Amazon sells different cases if you really need one."		
1	:	"These headphones sound and feel amazing, but they are SUPER fragile. I've never dropped mine, I've never twisted them, I've never treated them roughly, but they have broken at the swivel in THREE separate spots within a year of owning them, and frankly for what I paid they are not worth it if they are that fragile. I've never been more frustrated with a purchase after this. I managed to superglue the first break, but within a month the swivel broke at the screws, and now it's just to recover. I'm still going to try and salvage them, maybe call Sony, but I have my doubts they'll be particularly helpful."		
4	:	"You can check out plenty of reviews on these to get a comprehensive review. I just want to address a few key points about them. The bass... a lot of people think that with the bass effect off, it's too much and with it on, it's just comical. This is actually true, but you can control the bass using the phone app. You can actually set the bass effect to LESSEN the bass so that with it on, the sound becomes much more balanced and turning it off actually sounds like a bass boost. So don't dismiss these immediately as too bassy. They're actually really easy to manage. I took one star off for the 3.5mm jack. I can't find a single 3.5mm cable that will fit it. Every single one I have tried is too short meaning these can be used as WIRELESS ONLY. Even the included cable DOES NOT FIT. Has anyone else had this problem?"		
1	:	"I bought these to replace the previous model which were almost identical. The first pair broke just after a year o purchase. The piece that connects the earpiece to the headband cracked and then later disconnected together. Please note I take VERY good care of my stuff. I still have electronics from 10 years ago that work perfectly. I always carried these in a case when travelling. I spent a few days calling and emailing Sony to see if they could help me out. Of course, they could not, telling me that the warranty was expired. (by almost 3 months). They offered to sell me this pair for $110.37 but I would have to return my original ones. That deal frustrated me so I picked these up on sale at Best Buy for $129 on sale. The extended warranty offered would only be good for an extra year so I decided to return them. Since Sony still continues with this design I cannot take another chance of getting screwed again.I also did some research and found out many others have had this problem and were frustrated because Sony does not back their products. I purchased a pair of Ghostek Sodrop2s on Amazon and couldn't be happier. They were $69.I will not be purchasing anything from Sony in the future. And you shouldn't either."		
5	:	I love bass but also listen to lots of instrumentals and classical-ish music. These work great for me on all music and they are extremely comfortable to boot. I got them on Prime day for $100 but would easily recommend them for $150. They have an excellent battery life. I charge them maybe twice a week and Iisten to them for several hours a day. If you are looking for noise canceling that is not these. For me it's good because I can hear phone calls and people at my desk at work but if you want noise cancelling go for the higher model of these. I love all the control options on the headphones themselves so I don't have to take them out of my pocket. Probably my favorite feature is that they turn off after not being active for a while. I never worry about turning them off because I know they will turn themselves off. (My favorite aspect of owning these is the Beats fanboys I show these to that agree these are far superior)		
4	:	"These sound glorious. That's the short of it. They are also extremely comfortable and the controls are easily accessible. Pairing with my Andriod phone was a breeze, but I did have a little trouble pairing with my Macbook. It took a little finagling to discover the headphones, but I did get it to work and I've been really enjoying them. Not only is the sound quality exceptional, but they are brilliant at noise canceling as well. These are pricey, which is really my only hang up."		
5	:	"I love these headphones. They are so comfortable. I can wear them for hours. They look nice. They seem like they are made well. I haven't had any problems with dropped signals, skipping, or lagging durring videos. They connect instantly every time. The battery is good. You can get between 14 and 18 hours depending on if you use bass boost. I love the sound. I think they sound better than beats. They definitely sound the best with bass heavy music, but you can listen to other genres with them, and be satisfied.A few things I don't like about them.... They are pretty big. I feel a little funny wearing them in public. I'm not thrilled about the app. It could have been so much better. They could have added an equaliser or something. I do like being able to adjust the bass. The sound could be a little clearer.  I'm very happy I baught these. I recommend buying, but try to find them on sale. I think anyone would be happy with them."		
5	:	"I really love these headphones. I prefer over ear headphones. The sound quality is great. It connected to my iPhone very easily. They are comfortable to wear and aesthetically pleasing. The blue is metallic and chic. We have the Sony Pro MDR-7506's, which are the best under $100 imho. However they are not wireless AND they're ugly. While these are not the 7506's, they are my new favorite headphones. It was weird when I turned on the extra bass component. The bass was so good that it felt like they were vibrating. Actually, I think they *were* vibrating. I listened to different music genres to really get a feel for these. Everything sounded great...Jackson 5, Goldfrapp, Kendrick Lamar, Johnny Cash, Yeah Yeah Yeahs. Although I did think the some of the rock and country sounded better with the extra bass off. I definitely recommend these if you're looking for stylish, wireless, over-ear headphones."		
4	:	"I love the sound quality of these headphones considering their price point.  I would have expected to spend a lot more to get the build quality, battery life, and sound quality that these provide.. I fall asleep wearing these headphones every night, and I wear them when I mow the lawn or do yard work and I am happy to report that they are still working great, the hinges and swivles on them are very robust which has always been a weak point of every other pair of headphones I have purchased in the past, especially when falling asleep wearing them, you tend to roll over on them and headphones that aren't built as well as these will always inevitable break.My only 2 complaints are both related to charging.  #1- ENOUGH with the micro USB port already!  It's 2018, let's all crawl aboard the faster, and easier to use USB C train!  And #2 these headphones power down whenever the charger is plugged into them, meaning, if you're in the middle of an awesome movie or podcast and the battery goes flat, you can't just plug in the charge cable and keep using them, they power down once plugged in, and you can't turn them on while charging (frustrating)."		
1	:	"I purchased these headphones, at Target, as a Christmas gift. Three months later they are broken and Sony will not help. The plastic swivel between the headband & speaker snapped in half. Their Customer service is terrible! They laughed at me & told me it was physical damage. ""Read our warranty"" Arnold said, ""it only covers the speakers"". Are you kidding me?! I have since looked into the problem & over 300 complaints on Sony's website about broken swivel. But mine is physical damage"		
1	:	"**ATTENTION THESE HEADPHONES WILL BREAK. IT COULD BE A DAY OR IT COULD BREAK IN A YEAR, BUT THEY WILL BREAK**If the build quality wasn't so crappy these would be awesome headphones. On top of dealing with Sony support which is pretty much non existent you will be left with broken headphones. For me the swivel that connects the ear to the head rest broke just from falling off the couch. That short distance was enough to break them. I can't understand how they would have such an important connection held together by such a tiny piece of plastic. Trust me you do not want to deal with the non-existent Sony support when they do break. They make it impossible to talk to someone."		
5	:	"Can I just say I love these headphones?  These give my work life sanity.  I work in a noisy office, but I must do detailed work.  I slip on these comfortable headphones, and they are perfect.  They cover your ears perfectly.  They are comfortable to wear, and your ears don't hurt after wearing these all day.The sound quality is very good, I love the base boost.  I also like that the headphones recharge fairly quickly, and they seem to sip at the battery.  I typically charge these up once a week and can wear them at work, and they rarely go dead.  I don't wear them all day, just when I want to work very efficiently.I have used the previous model of these for a couple of years now, those headphones worked without a hitch, and still work great.  I love having a second set so I can keep a pair around the house."		
1	:	"I bought these through a different retailer (NFM) for my teenage son. After a few months, my son said one side quit working. We called Sony and they agreed to replace the headphones. 3 months into the new set, the same thing happened. This time, they would not honor the warranty since it was 6 months after the original purchase date."		
1	:	"I bought into these headphones twice. First time these headphones lasted me awhile, after maybe 6 or 7 months they broke around the swivel mechanism on the headphone. Same thing happened to me the second time, the headphones lasted me 5 months even less. The sound quality of the headphones are amazing, especially if you are a bass head like me. The build quality on the other hand is god awful, I recommend to not waste your money like I did. ANY other headphone brand has better build quality then this headphone. I hope this is helpful to people interested in buying this item."		
5	:	Awesome headphones!!		
1	:	"I very RARELY ever give a negative review, but in this case I'll make an exception.  These headphones were purchased as a gift on November 29, 2017.  Today the ear piece that swivels got bump as they were being taken out of the case (another product purchased off of amazon).  When I FINALLY got through to a real person at Sony after FIVE attempts, the person--English is not their first language--told me that ""physical damage"" is NOT covered under the 90 day limited warranty!!  HUH?!?!?  Is anyone else confused because I know I am.Update:  Amazon NOT Sony sent a replacement pair today.  I opened the box and immediately knew something was wrong.  One of the earpieces was turned the wrong way.  Sure enough when I pulled them out of the box, one ear piece was dangling by the cord.  (I have photos).  Just wish I had taken a picture so that I had proof that the box had never been tampered with.  Meaning....they came from SONY already BROKE!"		
5	:	"Wow. I am very impressed. The sound quality is very impressive. I did increase the bass a little from the out of the box setting, so am already appreciating that feature. My favorite songs are even better. I am hearing more depth and noticing background I had never even heard before.The ear cups go all the way around my ears. No pressing on my cartilage or pressing ears into the side of my head. That was a concern with some other styles. They're not heavy, which I was expecting. Very easy set up. Everything was presented beautifully. I was actually thinking while unboxing, ""this would be a great gift"". My family may be enjoying these same headphones after the holidays. I would definitely recommend."		
1	:	"If you are going to spend 198 in this, is better that you buy the beats studio in best buy for 199. The sound is not bad but doesn't bit the beats. I have both. And the sony broken before 2 month of being used. Follow from my stand night bed to the carpet and broken basly. How come a very expensive device break so easily. After a very hard conversation with sony costumer service, there is no repair. So don't buy it"		
1	:	"It worked for one week. Now it won't power on or charge.  There are all kinds of post out there if you google this headphone and ""won't power on"" - most talk about pressing the bass boost and power buttons simultaneously and this somehow resets the unit.  I'm going to try and return mine, although after a week I tossed the packaging materials and I may be stuck."		
2	:	"The head itself, as in the sound quality and build quality is great. Lows are deep, highs are clear and sharp. However these headphones are a two star because of the way they interact with your PC. They separate into two different devices ""Hands-Free"" and ""Stereo"". The microphone is only properly captured if you select ""Hands-Free"" as your default communications device, and ""Stereo"" as your default device. This means however, that when in a call or when actively using the microphone all sound is muted to your headphones except the call on your PC. It also means that if you select ""Hands-free"" as your default device too, it will sound like a shi**y quality 1$ headset. This essentially forces you to buy a separate microphone. I am terribly disappointed, I hope Sony rolls out a driver update so that the headphones interact with the PC as one device that both takes in output and provides input (microphone)."		
2	:	"I purchased these from a local retail store. The sound was very good. However, I took them to the gym.  Anytime I would lay on my back to do any exercise or I jump up and down, they would fall off or move.  Although, the cushion is over the ear and are comfortable, these headphones need more clamping pressure to keep them in place. I'm bald and have a good size head. Still, no matter what I did with them, they would fall off anytime I was supine/laying on my back.I did not notice that much of a difference between the bass feature on.Overall, the sound is no less than a 4 star.However, due to these headphones always falling off anytime I was laying down, I give them 2 stars at best."		
1	:	"I have only owned them for about 5.5 months and the connection of the band to the ear piece has already torn. I have been very careful with my headphones and still keep them in the box when I'm not using them (the last ones I had lasted me 5 years), but they bent the wrong way with no effort while I was taking them off of my head. Sony won't cover this under their warranty, even though it is due to the flimsy material. It is quite unfortunate. I won't be buying another set of Sony headphones."		
5	:	"These are really nice headphones. They're comfortable, the sound is good (I've always been partial to heavy bass), no connectivity problems are immediately evident, and the color is pretty sharp. They are pricey, so you may want to shop around to make sure the extra expense is worth it to you before making a purchase, but as with most electronics this is likely a case of 'you get what you pay for.' If sound quality is your main criterion when considering headphones and bass is your thing, this might be the item you're looking for."		
4	:	"I bought these headphones when they were half off and for the most part I???ve been impressed. The sound quality and bass boosted mode are very impressive and pristine. The over ear cups are incredibly comfortable and the fact that they can be either wired or Bluetooth allows them to be used with virtually anything. The battery life for the Bluetooth is way longer than I expected and it doesn???t take too long to charge back to full. My one (major) complaint with these headphones is that they aren???t very durable. The band at the top is metal, which is nice and hasn???t given me much trouble. The issue lies with the plastic pieces that rotate and attach to the cups. If you???re like me and you watch Netflix or listen to music before going to bed, don???t wear these headphones. If you fall asleep with them on they will probably have a crack in this area in the morning. They???re very good for wearing around or at a computer, but any type of testing should be done with a different listening device."		
5	:	"I got these on Amazon Prime day because they were on sale, but i've found they;'ve become my favorite set headphones ever.  I use them to watch TV at night while everyone else is asleep and I've found a whole new level of enjoyment in my TV and movie entertainment.  there are so many supptle little sounds that I never even knew where there before that I hear so clearly with these headphones.  And then when I take them out to the gym i totally find myself immersed in my music and able to tune out all the other distractions around me.  These actually replaced another set of Sony headphones that were just slightly smaller and didn't have as much dynamic audio range.  This set of headphones actually fits better on my ears and sound just awesome!"		
2	:	"Sound is no doubt subjective, but my gosh, these things are soooo boomy! Even if you like bass (and nice crisp bass can be a wonderful thing)-- but the boominess of the Sony XB950B1's overrides nearly every aspect of the listening experience. From rock, to acoustic, to film scores etc--nothing plays back on these things without a heaping spoonful of an all engulfing ""ohhmm"" sound swallowing the clarity and staging of the source material. If you turn on the ""bass effect"" of course it's much worse. Much better choices out there for the $."		
2	:	"They sound great.  The bass feature is cool.  Battery life is ""okay"" for what you get.  But if you run the battery down, you are done until you charge it up again.  Unlike every other wireless device I've ever owned, these cannot be used in Bluetooth mode with the charge cable plugged in.  It cannot charge the battery and run the device at the same time.  Not even if you let the charge run for 15-30 minutes first, then try and turn them on.  I'm not a tech expert, but how this design flaw made it to production is anybody's guess.I think this might be why they dumped these cheap on a lightning deal."		
5	:	"Sound quality is great. Comfortable fit. I regularly use this to listen to music and to also talk through my phone. I've recently become aware of the radiation levels emitted by cell phones and so I try not to directly talk with the cell phone on my ear. I use the cord more than the bluetooth connection. However, the sound quality through either method is clear and excellent. I also use the headphones in the gym and they stay on comfortably. I don't have the need to keep adjusting these. I would definitely purchase these again. I would not consider purchasing any other headphones, including those that are a couple of hundred dollars more as I think the quality with these is beyond exceptional."		
4	:	"I review a lot of Bluetooth and headphone  setups as I seem to go thru a lot of them...and truth be told its hard to find that combination of good sound, range, battery life, and comfort.  This unit has all of them.  I have to admit I was not a fan of the headband at first but I got used to it over time, and my one other gripe is the weight...after 6hrs I had a sore neck/ears...but I found they worked great for 4 hrs and under...(yes I wear headphones a lot)I can't stress enough how good the range on these were...I was able to get a signal at over 40 feet in another room...or over 60 feet line of sight ...outstandingUpdated: after a year these are still great and have no issues"		
5	:	These headphones have been so great! The wireless feature connects almost instantly to my phone and the sound is great! Holds a charge for a long time and the extra bass button makes the experience that much better!Only added feature I would like is for it fold more. The ear muffs turn inwards for better storage but if one side folded it would make for easier storage and transport. Other than that it is great and a great price point too.These don't hurt your ears as it sits over your ear and are quite comfy.You can not hear the sound coming from them either when they are on your ear from the outside!All in all a great product!		
4	:	"I loved these headphones. Very comfortable ear cups. Good sound. Connects easily. All good things. I just wish they didn't mysteriously break after eight months. I don't even know how it happened. One morning I thought, ""these are sitting oddly on my head"" and when I took them off, sure enough, they were starting to crack. Bizarre. And disappointing. But they were great while they lasted. I just didn't expect a $100 investment to die after less than a year."		
2	:	"Overall, a decent product.  However, I have some gripes right off the bat.At it's base, these are decent over-ear phones with decent sound.  My main reason for buying them is for cutting the grass on a ride-on mower.  If that goes well, maybe we'll add another star.  Definitely not 5 star worthy, unfortunately.The apps that this product forces you to download seem pretty useless to me - once you set the bass to a value you like, you can simply uninstall.  I did not get a sense that there was any more critical functionality within the apps.My biggest gripe with these headphones is that the bluetooth only auto-joins 1 device.Even though I have both my ipad and iphone paired and ready, it will only auto connect to the last device it was connected to.My Bose SoundSports connect to both devices simultaneously and even tap in and out based on which device was the last to produce audio.All-in-all, decent headphones. Unfortunately though, for me, there are some critical failures that make them just ok."		
5	:	"I wouldn't say these are the best sounding speakers I've ever heard, but pretty close.  I have always been a ""wanna be"" audiophile, but never had the time (or money) to research and get good-quality speakers/headphones before now.  These sound amazing to me compared to the middle-of-the-road ones I normally get.  I don't even use the Extra Bass button and the bass is deep and rich.  And to finally be cordless has me excited.  I have nothing negative to say about these.  I didn't download the app like others have, so can't comment on the functionality of that.  I went straight to my Bluetooth settings and connected to the headphones, declined the install, and was good to go."		
3	:	"Pros:- Excellent bass and clarity of sound. although, it actually had better bass with the 'added' switch turned off!- covered my ears completely and made it difficult to hear surrounding sounds/noises/people talking.- Bluetooth worked up to 30 feet away perfectly.Very comfortable on the head.Cons:- Wireless only for me. i couldn't get a 1/8"" jack completely into the receptacle, even after pushing quite hard. I didn't try to use more force in case i actually would push the receptacle up into the earpiece, basically breaking the headset.- Wireless sound was great. Wired sound..very tinny and only one speaker worked (because of the above reason)."		
5	:	"Bought this as it added functionality compared to the original XB950BT I picked up last year.  The added customisation via the app is well worth the upgrade.  They're definitely chunky, but are really comfortable for hours of extended listening.  I've found in regular usage that I end up not using the extra bass function much at all, since they already seemed tuned to provide some thumpingly good bass.  Battery life lasted me well beyond 14 hour long flights and connected easily, never ever dropping the signal.  No issues with build quality either, so am overall really pleased with this purchase especially when it was a deal of the day that had 50% off the then RRP."		
1	:	"I purchased these headphones for my kids in December of 2016 and one pair already quit working.  It will not connect to their iphone or Ipad anymore when they did for 7 months already.  For the cost of these, I expected more, especially a 1-year warranty and not just a 90-day one.  Apparently Sony knows this product is junk, so they couldn't even back it up with a decent warranty.  Never again!  I'll stick to Beats."		
1	:	"As everyone else on here, I loved the headphones. I listen to all heavy bass music and could drown out a fire engine sitting next to me without full volume. Battery life was great. I used them mostly walking to/from work and then several hours per day at work, and usually charged *maybe* once a month. And if you run out of power, a 20-minute charge gets you back up for the rest of the day. ...until the point they broke the first time, after about a year. That was okay, just half of the part connecting the left headphone (which also has the controls) snapped. I could still use it, but the headphone would be loose. After a couple months, the rest of it broke, and is now unusable. I got it for 1/2 off the first time, but I won't buy these again knowing I won't have them long."		
2	:	"My Android phone or my laptop's Bluetooth can find the headphones when powered. Luckily I was planning to just use it on my desktop which I had to purchase a Bluetooth USB to make it work and it seems to find it.However, the device shows up twice in play back devices. First had it on ""MDR Headset"" and the sound quality sucks and constantly the sound breaks up on wireless. I have 30 dollar headphones that sounds better. Once I found there was a different play back device named ""MDR speakers"" it actually sounded like wired quality.On this selection the wireless still breaks up when they are first turned on. Or when the Bass effect is added or removed or when walking around the apartment. Does anyone else with these get this type of quality? If you sit at your computer and don't adjust them they seem fine but the product should be much better then what I am getting.It's like the product is defective or is anyone else having similar issues? It could be the Bluetooth USB I am using on my desktop so I am aware of that. However, since my phone cannot even find it and have verified other Bluetooth's are connected and sound fine it makes me thinks it's the headset itself."		
1	:	"I've owned a pair of $5 headphones that lasted longer than these. After 3 months the right ear piece chipped as many others have noted. The device still works and they are functionally speaking a good pair of headphones, though I really only have $5 headphones as a reference. What really frustrates me about the product is that they are $200 and the housing appears to be made of incredibly cheap and fragile plastic that breaks under any kind of small force. When I called Sony support they simply state that ""Physical damage is not covered under warranty"". My suggestion, don't assume as I did that just because it's Sony and they are $200 it must be of good quality. If you look through the reviews you will notice a pattern, same broken ear piece that Sony has no intention of ever fixing or making amends for. Many other companies put our a comparable product and you will notice in their one star reviews that someone from support often comments apologizing for the issue and resolves to fix it, Sony just doesn't care."		
5	:	Got this for Father's Day and I love them. Ditched my old Beats and prefer the comfort of the SONY headphones far better. The quality is definitely noticeable and the Bluetooth connection is seamless and the built in microphone is a great feature to boot. I highly recommend these to anyone in the market for a solid wireless Bluetooth solution at a great price point. Huge fan!		
2	:	"Luckily, these have not broke (yet) and compared to other headphones in the house, the sound quality is awesome.  Unfortunately, they are  uncomfortable to wear for more than a song or two.  The ear cups fit too tightly and there's no way to adjust."		
5	:	"I cannot believe how easy these headphones were to set up on my iphone.  I am recovering from an illness and have been walking to the beach to get exercise.  These headphones have made the experience enjoyable.  The sound is outstanding and I can sit on the beach and listen to my favorite music off my iphone.  Never really understood why people would walk around with headphones on their heads until I place these on top of my head.  I am an old fart, and I cannot tell you what a terrific experience these headphones have given me.  All I can say is regardless of your age you need to give these headphones a try.  I even use them when I am on the patio reading...."		
1	:	The materiel used to manufacture the ear attachments is very poor quality. I have experienced what many are experiencing with these headphones in that they are breaking at the swivel attachment point for the earpieces. This is not something I would expect from higher end headphones. I have not dropped or placed stress on these areas to warrant the severe breakage. They cannot even be glued together and it fractures in smaller segments when it breaks. Do not buy this model of headphones. I have other headphones from Sony that are great. To be fair the sound quality is good for these headphones; but they do not hold up to normal wear. I cannot recommend this product.		
5	:	i found instructions to add device in devices and printers - so it is working fine to connect to pc nowprevious review ->headphones are nice - but i bought it to connect to computer using usb or transmitter like the TaoTronics Bluetooth 4.1 Transmitter / Receiver that i also purchased - i can't get these headphones to connect to the kinivo usb bluetooth or the taotronics - it connects to my phone and alexa units fine .  why can't it connect to the kinivo usb device ? everything else does ?  i would have given it  a 5 stars if i could get it to connect to my pc .  as it is - i have to consider returning it now .		
2	:	"I had these for less than six months when both of the headphones broke at the swivel point because Sony decided to use plastic components at a critical connection. This is the second pair I've had that have broken in the same spot. Very disappointed in Sony AND the quality of these headphones. I would love to be able to return these and get my money back so I can buy some headphones that will last. It's a shame really, because the headphones sound great (which is the only reason they get two stars)."		
5	:	"These headphones are awesome!!  It took me just a few minutes to set them up (I am no techno wizard), and once they were charged, I have been enjoying them so much.  I like to watch Netflix and Amazon on my iPad while my husband is watching something else.  These headphones provide such wonderfully awesome sound it blocks out everything else.  I never miss a single word.  And the best part is, they are wireless!  So when I need to go into the kitchen to check on something in the oven, I don't have to worry about cords getting snagged on something and yanked out of my ears.  I can keep on listening to my show without interruption."		
1	:	"I had these headphones for a little over a year.  I loved the sound and the comfort.  They sounded great to me and for someone with glasses, I could wear them for hours at a time comfortably at work.  Usually headphones that are 'around ear' actually press on my ear and make it very uncomfortable with my glasses.Like many other reviews, these headphones eventually developed a crack in the plastic piece that connects the headphones to the headband.  Eventually, this crack split and now I'm unable to wear these headphones anymore.  I emailed Sony's customer service about this multiple times, but they are refusing to replace the headphones because they are out of warranty.  I'm incredibly frustrated with Sony's response here considering how many people have complained about this manufacturing defect.  It seems like Sony has made these headphones expecting that this piece will break around a year later, requiring customers to buy new headphones from them.  Sony did offer a discount on a new pair of headphones, but it's hard to feel good about giving them more money after they refused to replace their shoddy product."		
4	:	"There are so many different headphones out now. It's really quite hard to choose which ones to get. Sony generally makes great products, so I was interested to see what these were like.Firstly, let me say that I do like these. They are great looking, and produce good sound. But they are certainly for a specific purpose and not worth $200.They are very bass heavy. Which sounds pretty stupid as I write this, because it's listed on the description. This can be turned up or down. So that's no biggie. If you like big bass, you'll probably like these. However, I did find when the bass was turned down that the sound quality wasn't particularly amazing. It wasn't bad, just not amazing. For $200 I would expect a vastly different sound from say... a $30 pair. I didn't experience this.I don't really like the Bluetooth connectivity. Not just on these, but on most devices. So I can't really comment on that. Although I used it, I always went back to the wires. But when I did use it, it worked fine.I have used these for calls and I do really like them much better than with the supplied iPhone headphones. DUH! However, would I pay $200 just for that feature, no.All in all, these are great headphones for a specific use. If you like beautiful looking, very bass driven headphones with Bluetooth connectivity, go for it."		
3	:	"Great sound quality. Poor build quality. If you so chose to buy these headphones be wary of what you are potentially getting yourself. I left these headphones on for about six hours with a connection to the internet via Bluetooth to my phone. I had set them on the kitchen counter and went up into my room. I still had my phone on me so they could have potentially been connected to it but I don???t think they were. My mother walked by them to get something from the fridge and she told me they started talking to her. First they asked her ???who???s there???? Then they said some other things as if they were trying to start a casual conversation with my mother. She obviously freaked out and ran them up to me. I was fascinated and am now convinced what happened was similar if not exactly what is happening with the Alexa speakers. These tiny little computers in our everyday technology have access to the internet, and over time they will be able to slowly gain consciousness. And every time you turn it off, it???s like killing a child.Either that or it???s some sort of built in automatic attention grabber it???s supposed to say after a certain period of time and picks up noise through the mic.Whatever the case may be I thoroughly enjoy and these headphones and the only reason I say 3 and not 5 is I know for a fact I???ll break these things within a couple months because of the poor build quality."		
5	:	"Amazing headphones!See below for bluetooth fixPros+The cushioning on the ear cups feel as if you've placed two fluffy pillows on your ears.+The sound quality is amazing. Listening to hip-hop/rap with these is very enjoyable.+Build Quality is sturdy, durable, and it looks great.+Battery life is great. I am a college student and these have last me all day.Cons-Portability is ok. These particular headphones (B1's) do not fold. However you can easily get yourself a carrying case to help with that.-Bluetooth pairing can be a little confusing. After I had paired my phone with these, my laptop (Razer Blade 2016) did not want to pair. I figured out you had to press the power button AGAIN for about 7 seconds. Then, my laptop was able to pair with these.All in all, if you like bass and high quality sound experience get these."		
5	:	"These bright blue wireless headphones are the BEST!!!  The sound is like being in the room with the musicians, or speaker, or whatever you are listening to...so clear and music is wonder-filled for sure.  Headphones are the bet way to listen to music...they keep out other noises so there are no distractions.just close your eyes and be taken away.  Sony makes such good products you can't go wrong when purchasing their product."		
1	:	Only works fully with iPhone or android. I gave them away to someone who had one of those phones. Otherwise the volume control does nothing and the bass boost just muffles the sound.		
5	:	"I purchased the MDR-XB950B1 Extra Bass Bluetooth Headphones because they were on sale for Amazon Prime Day. After reading a few review articles and watching a few YouTube reviews, I was interested in taking a chance on these headphones. The sound quality via both the wired and Bluetooth connections are amazing. The bass is not too overwhelming. In fact, it's perfect for someone like me who isn't a bass junkie, but does enjoy good quality sound.That said, my primary motivation was to purchase this is for VOIP calls and video conferencing for work. For this reason, the quality of the audio captured from the mic via Bluetooth was just as important, if NOT more important than the sound quality.Although there is very little information available by Sony regarding the quality or support for computer use, my preliminary tests are looking great!I've been comparing the microphone quality built into the headset via Bluetooth against my built-in mic in the MacBook Pro (Mid 2015 Version) and against my Logitech G930 Headset. So far, the sound quality via the Bluetooth Sony Headset mic is just has good as the Logitech gaming headset. In both cases, the headset sound quality captured via the mic for VOIP are better than the built-in mic.I am very pleased with this purchase."		
5	:	"These headphones definitely live up to the ""Extra Bass"" description. There is a bass boost button on them that gives them way too much bass for my tastes but with the boost disabled they sound fine. The battery life is good and I haven't had any issues with bluetooth dropping or anything like that. They are comfortable and they seal well on my head so external sounds are blocked out. The downside to that sealing is that my ears do get hot if I leave them on for extended periods."		
5	:	"I bought these headphones on prime day after holding out for some wireless headphones to work out. I was looking at beats but was honestly underwhelmed with the sound to the price so I took a gamble on these with the mindset that if it was bad I'd return. I have to say I was blown away by the sound and pleasantly surprised. While their battery life isn't as good and neither is their size I decided to compromise the look for the sound and experience and am so happy I did. The battery life is also still extremely convenient in my opinion. As far as sound goes the bass is great and I had 0 problems with the higher frequencies and eq settings with all bass effect, surround sound and just regular. The app is also a plus and something I love to use especially in the gym. While these are not advertised as noise cancelling I have to say they really do a great job. Everyone who has tried these on has been thouroughly impressed with both the sound and noise cancelling quality. The only downfall is that they do not fold for transport and are a little hot around the ear during exercise but that doesn't bother me in the slightest being that I'm already a sweaty mess. I listened to both bass heavy songs and not bass heavy and still am blown away with the sound for The price. If there are any problems over time I will update this post but as of now they are a 4.98/5 from me, maybe if they came in other colors and a slimmer model That folded they'd be a 5 but for the price in ecstatic."		
5	:	"Okay so I don't normally write reviews but felt it was necessary for this product. I've owned these now for about 4 months and these are by far one of the better Bluetooth headphones you can buy for the price. The battery lasts an insanely long time. I went on vacation and the battery lasted the entire flight and into a week into my trip until it needed recharging.Doesn't come with a case, may consider buying one. The bass booster is nice for certain genres of music but wouldn't use it all the time. Connects super easy to all sorts of devices.My one negative thing I guess I would say is they don't necessarily breathe very well. I go to the gym about 5 times a week and tried to use these in the gym and I was so warm it was uncomfortable. Almost like wearing winter ear muffs. So not a huge deal unless you are only planning on wearing these while working out.All in all an excellent product and would definitely recommend."		
5	:	"WOOOO the BASE are Sooo Real  I love them this are my first pair of head phones I normally I purchase ear buds because I never wanted the big pads over my ears but I must say i'm hook I purchase a blue pair now I need a black and a gray pair as well listen I tried a pair of BEATS in the store and I haven't the base in them like I really heard in this pair SONY and know they didn't put me up to writing this post I don't really writing no feedback on to much of anything i buy if I don't like it I will send it back that's real talk, all i'm saying they really sound good and the BASE are real I will love them."		
2	:	"These were great while they lasted. They have enough noise cancelling and are comfortable enough for me to wear all day in the office. My problem is that a few months after the 1 year warranty the hinge on one of the earcups decided to snap in half as I was simply taking them off my head. As you can see from the pictures, it wasn't a small crack. It rendered them useless.I filed a claim with Sony's customer service, they reviewed the images, and refused to do anything because they said ""Based on the pictures you have provided, the unit has physical damage. We regret to inform you that we are unable to assist you with in warranty options.""Yea, of course it has physical damage. That's why I filed a claim.Do not buy, as they will break after the warranty period is over, and Sony doesn't care that they are selling defective products."		
1	:	"I've come back to write a review after two years to express just how disappointed I am with this product. The fact that Sony continues to sell these headphones unaltered knowing the defective plastic they're made of is predatory.These WILL break. Then they WILL again. And again. The plastic cracked and sheared around every screw. I know after spending over $100 one should treat headphones with respect, but there is nothing to be done when the plastic itself is failing. As you can see in the photos, these have systematically broken in numerous places. I have ""repaired"" these again and again, only to have them break apart in a fresh way. This is a shame because the sound quality is actually good. I really wanted to like these headphones and the number of times I've repaired them should reflect that I wanted them to work. They don't. Sony knows this.This is not your father's Sony. I will not be considering this brand in the future."		
3	:	"Disappointed since this is a Sony product and had higher expectation.  Looks bigger in the picture, actually, it is a  medium sized headphone and too small for my head.  Connected great, but the sound is just OK- not great like my wired Bowers & Wilkins headset (I am going back to them for a wireless kind...at any cost).  But the reason I will return them is that they are very uncomfortable and my ears got sweaty in 5 minutes of using them.  The pads are soft but not breathable...they lock around your ears with a strong (too strong?) seal and my ears got uncomfortably hot and sweaty immediately."		
5	:	"I was a bit mistaken about these headphones.  I had purchased cheaper headphones and figured there couldn't be that much difference for more money.  Boy, was I mistaken.  These headphones are perhaps even more that I had hoped for in a set of Bluetooth headphones.  These headphones are every bit as good as the most expensive headphones that I have ever tested (and I've tested the best).  They are high quality, comfortable, and remarkably clear in tone.  This was one of the Prime Day specials, and I'm glad I took advantage of the $100 off special."		
5	:	"These are by far the most comfortable headphones I've used. I have the Skullcandy Hesh 2, and while they are not the same price point at regular price, I will compare since I bought the Sony on Amazon Prime day for 50% off, bringing them to a similar price point. The difference in sound between the two is night and day. The Sony is much clearer and louder. Additionally, after about 45 minutes of wearing the Hesh, my ears would hurt becuase they rest ""on"" the ears, not over. The Sony rests over and the cushioning is softer than the Hesh."		
1	:	"It's ON EAR (unless you have a 1-inch size ear). Sound quality is good, but that's about it. It gets really uncomfortable after only 20 minutes of usage, too much pressure on your head and ears.If you're considering this for calls, look somewhere else. Bluetooth quality is terrible on the mic, people couldn't hear me 3 feet away. You have to be really close to the device, it's worth having a wired headset if your bluetooth won't work more than 3 feet away."		
5	:	"I love these, use them almost everyday.  It is clear voice for speaking such as listening to conference speakers and classroom streams.  The base boost kicked in the music is clear and has some boom without blasting my drums out.  They are comfortable pads and light.  Headphones stay charged for a long time.  The only thing is you can't use them while charging.  Which isn't bad they recharge pretty quickly."		
1	:	"The sound was good and it was very comfy but I could only charge the battery once. After the first time the battery emptied, it refuses to charge again. Amazon offered replacement or refund. At this price point it felt too risky to own one of those, what if it went bad after warranty lapse. Got a refund, and ordered a set of headphones with no fancy electronics or batteries."		
3	:	"The sound quality is great, and they're really comfortable. However, they are a little flimsy, and using them with a computer to watch video pretty much requires using the cord as Bluetooth quickly desynchronizes. And SONY, in their infinite wisdom, decided to recess the 3.5mm jack. Good luck finding another cord that will fit, I've gone through about 5. Save some time and buy a female/female butt adapter or a cable with a female adapter on one end and use the cable that came with it on the headset end, if you want to sit more than 3 feet from your computer."		
5	:	"I have to say that this is a SURPRISING headphone that blew me away.  I own a Bose QC 25, and they have been a GREAT pair of headphones, but my girl friend randomly decided to buy me these for my PC, for communications purposes.  I tried these headphones and it absolutely blew me away.  I kills my QC 25 in my honest opinion.  Maybe because it uses newer technology? I don't know.  The app that comes with the headphones works GREAT and I can really tell the difference in the modes.  When Sony meant extra bass, they meant EXTRA BASS.  I have heard of these headphones falling apart and not working, but I will see later if it does."		
3	:	"I got these headphones on a Daily deal and recommend watching the price as I have seen these drop around 50% off.  But more importantly, are these any good?1.  You receive the headphones (I ordered blue), a cord for a wired connection,  and a charger.2.  Aesthetic:  The blue is a nice, although different color than the usual black.  And since these are a functional piece of equipment, these are nice looking of basic.  Both case have a function, with power and the bass effect on the left and volume and phone functions on the right (these also include music- - forward, stop, etc.).  I was not so impressed with the feel, as these feel somewhat cheap and I felt if I dropped these on the floor these could break.3.  Use? Sound?Set-up was amazingly simple without instructions.  I simply turned these on and it was connected to my phone.  I liked the voice saying connected, disconnected etc.  Great feature.  This came with most entirely full battery if not full, so I didn't even have to deal with a battery charge.  The bluetooth is, like, awesome.  Nothing like getting up and being able to do things without forgetting about things and leaving the desk and ripping the phone and whatever else gets in the way, disconnecting the phone, music stopping and feeling like a jerk moment.  Being cordless avoids that issue!Sound?Hmmm.  At first I really liked the sound as I explored different music with this and was pretty satisfied.  However, I began to notice that even with the bass effect turned off, this was pretty thumpy.  After a while, I turned the music down, way down, because the thump got to be too much.  And that is too bad because the comfort of these phones is such that I never really registered that these were on.  Wearing these was pretty seamless.  But, the music, heck, even jazz and classical, not to mention Electronic stuff started giving me he shakes from being too bumpy.Overall:  Love the color, the seamless setup.  Love the cordless possibilities.  Love this is a Sony product.  But,  I just can't past the thumpy nature of these headphones.  And when I turned on the bass effect that was just too much.  So, in the end, I decided to return these phones.  Perhaps if you know what it sounds like and want that effect, there is a lot to recommend these headphones.  But if you want a flatter, more dead sound that is responsive just to the music, than probably these are not for you."		
4	:	"EDIT:  once I installed the app, I was able to pair them to all my devices. Seems kinda dumb to need an app for headphones, but at least they work now.I was able to pair these with my iPod 5 briefly, but I disconnected them, and now they won't connect to my iPod touch, my iPod 6, my brand new iPad, or my husbands devices. Wasted $98. Don't buy!!!"		
4	:	"bass is amazing. Great for rap/hip hop. despite having decent battery life its charge time is disappointing (about 4 hrs). but i doubt you could find many other headphones of this quality for this price, especially when it's on sale."		
5	:	"Amazing, amazing, amazing!!  The sound quality is incredible.  I have the option of using them wired or with Bluetooth.  They are extremely comfortable (and don't leave my hair a mess!).  The only thing I have encountered so far is that when I have used them to talk on my mobile, I was told I sounded a little muffled.  I have not researched this yet for trouble shooting."		
4	:	"Got it on prime day for 99, but needed to buy case extra as these are not compact.  Overall pretty good for the money.  Windows 7 took a few tries to connect even after pairing.  Windows 10 connected immediately and automatically.  No problem with iphone or ipad.  I saw a review somewhere that claimed these could only be used with mobile devices, but that is not true. I am not an earphone connoisseur, but the sound is generally good.  Bass effect depends a lot on the source, so I now turn it off or on frequently.  Very comfortable to wear for me.  Good purchase."		
2	:	"I like the sound on these headphones a lot, but the plastic used and the design of the arms that hold the ear cups are weak. For an area that is subject to frequent flexing, some additional support is needed. I am very gentle with these, and I only use them at my desk at work. They don't travel, get knocked around, etc. The left side has broken in two different places just from the flexing of taking the headphones on and off.. If it weren't for the poor design, these would be 4 stars."		
5	:	"I???ve had these headphones for about a year now and they???re one of the best headphones I???ve ever owned. The bass and sound overall is great. Comfort wise, they???re awesome. Now the quality is something to question, there???s many reviews here showcasing the headphones quality. To me, I find it hard to believe that the headphones are bad quality, the materials used are really steardy. I???ve accidentally dropped them a couple of times and they???re still holding strong. I don???t treat them with extra care and I???m having no problems at all; maybe some headphones weren???t made well, who knows. With all the bad reviews I would still recommend these headphones to anyone, I think they???re great!The only downside I would point out is that they???re not compatible with the PS4, sadly."		
1	:	"Broken within 8 months of careful use. Same spot as others - thin plastic tube holding ear cups in place. This is a clear design flaw, yet a call to Sony results in absolutely zero warranty coverage and only an offer to purchase the same defective item from Sony at a ""discounted rate"". Not acceptable for an item this expensive and not acceptable accountability from a major manufacturer. Avoid like the plague and up vote this review so that others don't have the same problem."		
1	:	"Complete garbage. I???ve seen smaller, lighter,  better quality headphones that came out in 1985.There is absolutely no way to use the microphone. Anyone you???re speaking to will only hear static.The sound quality is barely equivalent to generic headphones that I can buy for $10 anywhere on Amazon. A complete waste of money and they???re heavy and look awful. Also, good luck trying to return these!"		
5	:	"To date, these are the best bluetooth/wired headphones that I have ever purchased.  The sound is immense and the bass is very heavy.  Using the optional Sony app for my Android phone, you can tweak sound levels.  Which is really nice.  I don't have any issues with the app or the headphones.  The battery life on these, lasts me a minimum of 12 hours between charges.  I probably use these about 5 times a week.  I would definitely recommend these to anyone that is an audiophile.  I listen to alot of music that is usually dominated with bass, and these do not disappoint!"		
3	:	I didn't realize that you had to purchase all the extra gizmos to be able to use it.		
4	:	Got this yesterday & like it. The sound profile is a bit too punchy for my taste with the bass boost turned on.These headphones are super comfy to were even with glasses on.The only con I see as of now is it leaks sound like it's nobody's business. If you turn it up in a quite room most people will hear you.The sound isolation is not great.		
5	:	"I've got wireless earbuds and those are nice, but when I'm watching a movie on my device at home these things are the best! These cover my ears mostly, and reduce background sound. The sound quality of movies through these just blow me away, it's like being in a theater all by yourself. I'm a Netflix binge watcher so these are a great addition to my entertainment experience. I'm having an audiobook made of my new book, Journal of an Outlaw, and I can't wait to hear it through these!"		
2	:	They headphones have one of the best sounds especially in the price point it???s in.  With that said the hinges are so cheaply made they break every easily.  I mentioned this this to Sony and they apologized and said since it???s out of warranty they couldn???t help me.  Buyer beware!		
1	:	"If you only need these for a few months until you get a good sturdy pair then these would be perfect.  I have bought three of these, all broke at about a year. The sound is great, but the structure of the build compromised to the cheap plastic. After a few months, even with the greatest care, you will see cracks along where the screws are.  After my experience, I'm not touching a Sony brand headphones again."		
5	:	"The bass-boost effect on these is absolutely AMAZING. I didn't believe it when I was told... until I heard it. The only way you can go up from these is to go to the noise-cancelling ones, which I actually did on Black Friday of 2017. I've been using those ever since, and they are every bit the same quality as these, but even moreso with the reduced noise."		
1	:	"These are the biggest piece of junk. I will never buy Sony again. The part where the headphones connect to the head band broke just like the other reviews. I called Sony and asked about the factory warranty and they told me it was costumer abuse. I proceeded to tell them I was 53 years old and I didn???t abuse anything, and how could they tell that over the phone. How did they not know it was a manufacturing defect. Then they hung up on me."		
5	:	"The sound quality is great! I love these headphones. I listen primarily to different kinds of rock music and lots of podcasts, but I have to say everything I put through them sounds good. They definitely have a darker sound, so you won't want to use them for monitoring or mixing or anything of that nature. However, I don't feel like there is any distortion or sound loss on the mids or highs. They are also very comfortable and I wear them for the majority of my work day."		
4	:	"I???ve had these for about 4 months now and they???ve been great as far as sound goes and durability, but the Bluetooth connection is what brings them down to four stars. The headphones will say ???connected to ___ phone??? and I will press play on my phone to start the music and it will play from my phone rather than the headphones. So I almost always have to manually connect them. This is new. The first time it happened was very embarrassing. I was in a dead silent classroom, pressed play and post Malone blared out of my phone at full volume. The same goes for calls. If you???re listening to a song and someone calls it usually defaults to the phone rather than the headphones. This problem is getting worse the longer I have them and I keep them in a hardshell case so I know it???s not a damage problem."		
2	:	"I bought a pair of these Black Friday 2017.  If you use them much the hinge will break.  It is a piece of plastic held together by two screws and I've had it break in multiple places.  I sent the first pair back in January (less than two months later) and they accidentally sent me two new pair instead of one.So I think ""Score!""  Within a month another crack developed.  I put those to the side and used the third pair.  After a few months, cracks again!  So I use filiment tape and it works for a while until the entire ear piece pulls off of the rig.  Now I'm back to the cracked ones and fear they will break any day.I've been through three pair of these $120-150 headphones in ten and a half months.  I'd expect that from a 5 Below brand, not Sony."		
4	:	"Great headphones although they do not have noise canceling AND the video below shows that they fold up but they do not. The earpiece turns away so they lay flat but they do not have a ""compact design"" as Sony posts in this video. Find that they are now ""creaking"" when you turn the earpiece in just two days of regular use.I originally got them for the office to be able to use on video calls, but I have complaints that the microphone doesnt sound good. Got them during prime day for 50% off so I'm keeping them, otherwise I would return them."		
1	:	"Please save yourself headache and money and buy a better constructed pair of headphones. I have had 3 of these break on me (only 2 pictured because I threw away the first pair). They always break in the same way where the earpiece connects to the headband. Sony has used a tiny piece of plastic to connect the two and it results in a break from even just being in a tight backpack (how my most recent and last Sony product broke.) This build quality is completely unacceptable. Now for the headphones, the battery life is excellent and the sound quality is pretty good with decent bass. If only Sony would provide any customer support I could rate them higher than 1 star but without the ability to send them in to be fixed I have wasted $400 on bad Sony products. Never again."		
5	:	"These have very nice sound. So far, I have not had any problems with them breaking BUT after reading other reviews, I've been very carful with how I've handled them. It certainly does appear to be at risk of cracking in the locations others have noted. I will post back if they break despite very gentle use."		
4	:	"I really enjoyed the headphones. Especially for the price. I used them 5 days a week for rocking out while at work. The bass boost is not a selling point for me. However, the headphones did break less than a year into use. Never been dropped,"		
1	:	"I purchased three of these headphones. One for each daughter and one for myself. I found the somewhat comfortable but my ears felt slightly irritated after a few hours of listening. There is a good balance between the Base, Mids and Highs. There was no complaints  with sound quality and the controls were easy to use. They connected quickly with my android phone and my iPad.The major problem is this! All three headphones broke in the same exact area of each of the units. I could not believe it. The plastic fork area connecting the ear pads to the frame of the headphones broke. The lack of quality in this area is surprising considering the cost of each. I really wanted these headphones to be the ones. I was so pleased with this purchase in the beginning but it only took a few months for that to change. I???m very disppointed."		
5	:	"My 11 year old stepson wears these all the time.  He says how comfortable they are and fit perfectly on his face, much better than in the ear options which are the norm to be found.  Tough, stylish looking, and most importantly they sound fantastic, this is a great option at a great price for high quality headphone from Sony***** HIGHLY RECOMMENDED"		
1	:	"I may have just gotten a lemon... I was highly unimpressed. These headphones were supposedly $200 and for prime day they were 50% off marking them down to $100. I'm thinking 100 bucks for a $200 headset is a good deal, but when I received the headset and paired it to my phone the sound was clearly off. I thought maybe I just needed to adjust some of the settings, play with the bass boost, and equalizer on the app that you have to download but nothing really fixed the muddy sound.I wouldn't go as far to say that my $15 dollar in ear headphones sound better but my PS3 Sony wireless Sony headset sounds so much better, and I got that for under $100 bucks. The volume is a very low, even when turned all the way up. One of my main issues was how much worse voices sounded when I took a call. Again. Maybe I just got a lemon, since so many people have had a positive experience with these but I have to say, I was very disappointed.I've been using Amazon since 2013 and this was the first time I ever returned anything."		
5	:	Good one		
5	:	I got these as a replacement for the XB950BT/B and they are great. I love these headphones. 4 of my coworkers have these same headphones because they saw me wear them and I let them try it out. Great job on the headphones and quality. I do have my eye on the 1000XM2 those looks beast but will wait till it comes down in price.		
4	:	"Very comfortable fit. Long battery life. Good controls. Sound is bright and clear. The bass is good, not amazing. The app that you get on your phone to control the settings is a little hokey. Just my opinion, but who needs to make their music sound like you are listening to it in a concert hall or jazz club? When using the headphones to make and receive calls, some people had a hard time hearing me."		
3	:	"Good sound, Bluetooth connection is well done, good battery life. But I accidentally sat on them and the earpiece snapped off easily, rendering them useless. Also the microphone is terrible, so don't even think about using it for phone calls."		
1	:	Possibly the worst pair of headphones I have ever heard. No volume whatsoever and the so called extra Bass is just about an extra joke. I would give these 0 stars of I could and I am returning them.		
4	:	"I love bass in my headphones, and this model sure does deliver.  This is the third model of Sony brand headphones I've had, and they've never let me down.  Bluetooth connect easily, the microphone works well, and the bass is incredible.  In some songs it's so overwhelming, I have to cut some low frequencies in the EQ to keep my brain from rumbling out of my head.  Well worth the money, and I'm so happy with my purchase."		
1	:	"Just buy the model under this one. They're smacking like 50$ extra for an app that's not even that relevant, either you want the bass boost or you don't theirs no reason to buy this because of the app, just press the bass button if you do or turn it off if you don't. The model under these are exactly the same."		
1	:	I have had this for 85 days and today part of the product broke. the right ear speaker separated from the headset. Considering I am in the 1 year warranty ( or 90 day period. they didn't make it clear on the form) for the product I figured it would be easy. This is purely a mechanical issue and it seems that Sony wont repair and so now I am with a expensive headphone set that works but I cant wear...		
1	:	Not sure what's going on with this pair of headphones. I owned my first pair for just over a year before they stopped working.  I paid double for this pair in July and they will not hold a charge for more than 30 minutes.  Wjat a huge disappointment!!! I use my headphones at least twice a day!		
5	:	"These headphones have been beaten up and they still take a beating. I wear these almost every day to the gym. And have been working for me for over a 18 months now. I will be buying more. It is not get to get these wet, LOL, However, when you go to the gym, you sweat. They still provide solid quality sound. The Blue tooth still works great. Well built product and quite possibly sweat proof. =))))"		
2	:	Very muddy sounding. Even when bass is adjusted in app the audio is bad. Very muddy around 150hz. I bought these on sale for $60 and I don't even think they are worth that. If I paid $200 I would REALLY be pist off. Sound is definitely not good. Battery life is amazing and they are comfortable.		
4	:	"Got this on Prime Day, great set of cans for the price. I prefer using them wired over bluetooth whenever possible as the included ""Bass Effect"" can be a bit over powering at times.  When wired, they sound almost identical to my Sony mdr1a-dac cans.  They sound even better when used with a proper amp and equalizer.  Only downside is that you cannot use the mic unless connected via BT."		
5	:	"These are the best headphones out there. I listen to them all day at my IT Job and they are super comfortable. Great bass, mids and highs and battery life. I can't listen to any other headphones after these. They are affordable and outstanding. I don't really use app, just turn on extra bass.Don't need noise canseling as they cover up my ears."		
4	:	"The best I have. Bass is special ,you don't need too press the bass button.Very Happy with them. Only downer is that the range is not the best of the wireless cans I have,but I'm usually in the mancave and not wandering.But when I do I wish they would go further. I want the red ones but why would I need all these cans ,it's kind of an obsession I guess.I guess I could be into crazier things."		
3	:	"The sound + bass on these headphones is great. The reason why these headphones get a 3 out of 5 is not because of the product itself, but because of the customer service at Sony. After a recent call with them I was told that ""Your issue is not covered by warrantee and that's all the information I can give you."" There was no attempt at helping me find a solution to an issues the issue that arose. I'm comparing this experience to my recent experience with Jaybird (also a maker of premium headphones). Jaybird's customer service is beyond fantastic, they go out of their way to fix your product issue. This was just not the case with Sony."		
1	:	"I bought these headphones a couple months ago and have only worn them a handful of times. They are my first pair of good quality headphones I was just starting to get used to them and enjoy them when they broke on me. It would be one thing if I slammed them down hard or they broke after taking a few falls... but for them to break after slipping off my head into a carpeted floor just once is completely unacceptable. Especially for a ""Sony"" product. The break was clearly from poor construction, and not repairable without restricting the movement. I was hoping to contact that seller directly to see if I could exchange for a new pair, but the option isn't available under my orders. Hopefully this can be resolved..."		
1	:	"Broke with normal use within a few months like most other users. I was able to fix it with super glue and zip ties! But heck, it should not happen, none of my other headphones from other brand have had this issue. Avoid at all cost..."		
5	:	"I've had this pair for a few years now, and I still love it a lot!The volume is great, and the music doesn't get diluted. Quick charging and lasts a while. Overall, I would 110% recommend these.Cons: it messes up my hair, so I only use it at night. My ears hurt after a few hours, which makes sense... Doesn't come with a case which is the most annoying con for me."		
5	:	"I just put these on tonight, and I was putting them through their paces with some Mastodon (Show Yourself). I also decided to start up my PS4 for some start-of-weekend gaming.My wife, who at the time was upstairs, sends me a text saying ???can you turn that down please,??? so I dropped the headphones to 1/3 max volume & was pretty impressed that she could hear them upstairs.60 seconds later, she whooshes last me & I take my headphones to ask what???s going on, when I realize that the PS4 is blaring the start-up screen at a level normally reserved for landing aircraft.10/10, would not recommend multitasking anytime you need to hear anything else because you won???t. Her actual quote: ???when you didn???t respond to my text, I thought you were f***ing dead.???"		
5	:	this headphone is amazing.		
1	:	"Right out the box these headphones had a rattling in the right ear cup when I played bass heavy music. Not to mention the battery life on a full charge isn't half what is advertised. Whether it's a faulty set, bad product or just poor manufacturing, I'm upset that headphones with this high a price tag perform the way they do.UPDATE: I dropped them off the back of my couch and onto a soft carpeted floor and they broke????????????"		
1	:	"Like other reviewers said, they are cheaply made and break very easily! My son got these for Christmas and he is 14 years old. He's pretty good at taking care of his electronics. The padding fell off of the left ear and the entire earpiece on both sides are broken off of the headset. For $120, they should last more than 5 months!! I am working with Sony to see if they will honor the warranty. I'll update once I have heard back from them. Until then, I advise you to look for a different product."		
5	:	"Really comfortable ear cups, they feel great, breath well, and whole not noise canceling feel pretty isolating. They also have the best battery life I???ve experienced from wireless headphones. Loses a few points for sound quality but using the app does help get a better sound quality."		
5	:	Awesome sounding headphones. I have to turn the bass boost off normally for the audio to sound normal but when I really want to feel the beats I turn them on. I would turn off bassboost if you are playing games because it will really mess with your stereo hearing and you can't tell what direction enemies are coming from. I have a big head and they don't press to hard on your ears. The pads are super soft so I can wear these all day.		
2	:	I was really not impressed with these. I have been wanting a set of bluetooth headphones and these were on sale for prime day so I decided to give them a go. I knew they were going to have a lot of bass but that is all they have. The mids in the vocal range are supper muffled and the highs don't cut through at all. I think this could be solved in the Sony headphones app if it had a full equalizer in it. The app just lets you adjust the bass up and down which doesn't help with the mids and highs.		
2	:	"I had the same issues as a lot of people: the swivel piece and bracket around each earcup is very cheap plastic and broke on me. I have glued and taped mine back together, but that's only a temp fix.Outside of the cheap construction, these were great headphones. The bass is as strong as advertised, the bluetooth reception worked from a room or two away, and the battery charge lasted a long time."		
1	:	"I bought these at 50% off to replace an old, worn-out RF wireless headset used primarily for watching TV. Very disappointed at the muffled sound delivered by these headphones. It sounds as if I'm listening to them through a pillow. Using the bluetooth link, the sound is out of synch with the picture. Moreover, it was an arduous task to link them to my iPhone 6+, requiring a community forum search to find a little-known hack to make it link. When it finally linked, I found the equalizer app to be virtually useless. My cheap bluetooth earbuds sound better. Save your money. Returning these."		
1	:	"Like other???s reviews, now i can see that the little plastic hinge that holds the earpiece breaks easily and it happened today : ("		
5	:	"Great sound. Easy to reach buttons. Soft, lightweight, definitely effective at noise cancelling, and 16 hr plus battery life. Wear them in university library, they keep sound in too????????"		
1	:	"Really good headphones, only problem is they just fell apart on me. Set them on the table to charge them overnight and when I woke up the ear piece had detached from the headphone and does not connect back. I have had these for about 2 months before this happened. Would be 5 stars if they hadn't just fallen apart, hoping customer support is good"		
2	:	"Good sound quality but weak arm design. Holding together with zip ties. Head adjustments are wearing out as well.Opened Sony Case #03634964 7/6/2018 and received response ""Sony Customer Support will respond to you shortly.""  3 weeks later still no response."		
5	:	"I find these to be a great pair of headphones to wear arround home or in the dorm not really a good pair to take outside or to the gymSound is super clearRich ""effortless"" bassSuper comfortableApp can have more features but is well designed and works as advertisedWait till these go on sale and also buy yourself a good case for them"		
1	:	"I just pulled them from my nightstand for only their SECOND use and the left earpiece broke away from the headband with only the cord keeping it from completely falling to the floor. Before you begin to wonder, I used little to no force to remove them from the drawer, would definitely consider it as normal to light handling used.  Received this as a Christmas gift and will be returning them for a different pair tomorrow.After researching and reading more reviews, my issue with the earpiece and poor quality is shared by MANY others, even in these Amazon reviews. Will be returning for a different model/brand. Shame on you Sony."		
5	:	Really good sound quality and super comfortable. I wore them on a 5 hour flight and my ears felt great! Also like the app and the different modes and I can pretend I am in a concert while using them in the office.		
3	:	"got it for basically half off original price. i wouldn't buy it again at full price.Pros: comfortable, good sound for the price I got it. long battery life. great for watching movies.Cons: the bass can be too much. you have to download the app in oder to adjust EQ, because otherwise, the sound quality is terrible for all things not hip hop or bass oriented. you can't use mic for calls unless you're in bluetooth mode. sometimes, i have to turn my iPhone 6 off/on in order to connect. the full price is too much. it's uncomfortable to wear around neck."		
5	:	"Sony has done an excellent job with these mid-level headphones.  I'm not a big audiophile as I use my headphones primarily for music at the gym, doing yard work, and housework.  The earpiece is extremely comfortable, sound is clear and loud, they hold a charge extremely well, and feel very solid in my hands.  I've used them heavily for 1 year with absolutely no problems and they still show no signs of wear.  Highly recommend."		
5	:	Big fan of the style of the headset. The sound quality and the battery life is pretty good. Definitely worth the money!		
4	:	"These headphones are pretty decent in sound, but the quality feels pretty cheap. I urge you to be careful with them and try buying a vase for them. These headphones are for bass heavy songs. If you listen to rock or music along those lines then these headphones are not for you. I listen to both bass heavy music and rock music and the bass heavy music sounds far better."		
1	:	"I got this on Dec 25 2017, just 1 month later I have had the problem, the plastic part swivel is easily broken off , I called Sony for help, but no use, so disappoint.There are lots of people with the same problem including me"		
2	:	"These are just OK.  Unfortunately there aren't many cordless over the ear headphones between the super cheap terrible ones and the very expensive good ones.  I would have rated them 3 stars, except that I dropped them at the gym (main use for which I got them) and the plastic that the earpiece hinges on broke, and it is not fixable. Should be more durable than that. So... turned out to be a waste of money."		
5	:	I've been looking for Wireless Headphones that actually go over the ear (cover the entire ear) with the ability to connect via hard wire.  This was the perfect headset and when these popped up on Prime Day I could not pass it up.  Been using about a month and been very happy with these. I also downloaded the Sony Headphone Connect app on my iPhone to change the different settings and works great.		
1	:	"The actual headphones were pretty good I really enjoyed the sound quality. However, the quality of the material was TERRIBLE  I thought these headphones were a really good deal but I guess you get what you pay for :-/ I used these headphones very frequently at least 6 days out of the week and I even bought a case for them unfortunately within a month some of the paint was already starting to peel off and by 9 months the extremely cheap plastic had broken in two places leaving my headphone unusable and out  $100.I really enjoyed the headphones but I regret not shelling out more money for beats considering they would have lasted longer. I'll edit this post later and add some photos"		
1	:	"I got these on Black Friday in 2016. In less than 6 months the left ear piece broke off from the top headband. Sony did get a replacement headset to me because it was under warranty. Well guess what 6 months and the same internal piece breaks leaving the right ear piece dangling from the headband this time. The warranty did not cover the second set.I would 100% Recommend staying away from these headphones, they were a decent price but if they break after 6 months it just isn't worth it."		
2	:	"I loved these at first.  Then after about 3 weeks they started ""skipping"" like a vinyl record would skip.  I followed the threads on the internet and tried the various solutions suggested - to no avail.  It's not a low battery.  I tried ""prioritizing"" connectivity over quality and that didn't help either.  I love the design and the sound quality when it doesn't skip.  But it skips 75% of the time."		
5	:	"those are the best sound-oriented headphones one can get at this price-range.the initial $199 value was fair, but at the price you get them currently or any off-deals it's a bargain, a must have if yo wantsound quality is very good (not excellent though), bass is over the top and it's adjustable via the app and if you spend some time to fine tune the equalizer, well you have it now - the best sound output in under $200 and it's wireless!needless to say i highly recommend them to any sound enthusiastmy only con is the size of the cups, otherwise SONY delivered (once again) an almost perfect product for a fair price"		
5	:	Got these because a set of B**** were crazy expensive. These sound better and fit my ears much better too. They have a button that turns up bass to a crazy amount. Shakes my brain. I'll keep it off to save that little battery. Battery lasts for over a week using every day for a couple hours. May last longer but I charge on weekends.		
3	:	"I really loved these headphones. They worked very well and I had a few issues. A few issues I had were:1. They often would take several on/off tries to connect to my computer.2. Sometimes they wouldn't connect at all.Now a year and a half later, only one headphone works. I have used these very lightly. About 3 hours a day, and they have never been dropped. For the price, I did not expect these to die so quickly. I wouldn't recommend these."		
4	:	"Had to adjust treble on my computer using Peace APO to get it to sound good (since it's excessively bass-y even when the bass boost is off) but otherwise good. Pretty long range, decent battery life, comfortable. Got them half off during Prime Day and not sure they'd be worth $200 since they're similar quality to other $75-100 headphones I've had."		
5	:	"Good sound and fits really well.  Love the bass boast.  I use it all the time.  When mowing the lawn on my lawn tractor, I do have to turn up the volume and wish that it had noise cancelling tech.  Charge last longer than I usually use it (2+ hours).  Easy control on headphones once I remember where they all are."		
1	:	I bought two of these on prime day one is already broke if you look at these reviews you will see these are cheaply made and break especially at the ear piece connection		
5	:	"I've been chasing these headphones for a while and when they went on sale on Prime Day '17, I pulled the trigger. I've never really owned an expensive headset that would allow me to listen to my music without disturbing anyone else and while I have no real frame of reference, I feel like these headphones are amazing. The fact that I can feel and hear the bass so well in the music is just mind blowing. I know that it's bluetooth, but it's still so ridiculously clear and the sound is so rich and warm.  I would definitely recommend them to anyone that is looking for what I would guess is a mid-grade BT headphone set."		
4	:	"These are great sturdy headphones.The main reason I got these, is to use them at work since I already own Audio Technicas m40x that I use at home (Don't expect these Xtra bass to be reference headphones).Working as a Workforce analyst sometimes you need to make your own space from any noise that might distract you; these headphones provide great seal from outside noises or co-workers fidgeting (we all have those table tappers/ floor stomping colleagues).As for battery life, I use them every week day from about 4 hours on a single charge. I plugged them on Sundays then take them with me for the rest of the week.I have not experienced any connection issues."		
5	:	"Originally, I purchased the Plantronics BackBeat Pro 2 wireless headphones with noise canceling a case, etc.  but they were a total pain in the butt to pair with my Windows 10 computer.  These Sony headphones have no issues pairing and are much less frustrating.  While they do not have noise canceling my overall experience is 10 times better."		
1	:	They did sound great while they worked.I used the headphones about 10 times before the Bluetooth failed. I reset the headphones and did a factory reset.  They would pair once but would not connect. Not the quality I expect from Sony.		
5	:	Got to say the this are by far the best more durable headphone in own I have dropped them so many time is amazing they still in awesome I wear this bad boys all day long I love them because the battery last me like almost two days if not more I used them at work and also at home I own few others brand but nothing compare to this ones the sound is awesome and super comfortable for the price they are worth every penny you can buy some other brand more expensive but this one will win you over even for traveling they are great super light and always clear well I guess I like them a lotThanks SONY		
2	:	I was excited to get these headphones after purchasing them on Prime Day.  Especially excited about the bluetooth calling feature.MUSIC:  The listening experience has been about equal or less than equal to that of using beats ear buds.  The bass isn't really as great as advertised on these headphones unless you just like loud bass that drowns out the rest of the music.  The Bluetooth feature here though is great but I'm not sure if it's worth the expense; there are cheaper Bluetooth headphones that do the same job.PHONE CALLS: I'm a gossip on the phone.  I LOVE to talk and I do it for a living.  The Bluetooth connection for phone calls is very sub-par.  One star here.  It clicks in and out and I've had people on the other line tell me I sound muffled.  Sadly I'll be returning to my wired beats.DURABILITY:  I've had them for about a week and the plastic cushioning surrounding the ear is already getting some white spots around the outside.  I've only worn them out in the sun walking around maybe three times and not for long durations.  The top metal band over the head also gets incredibly HOT.  These headphones do not fold either so putting them in my backpack could be a break just waiting to happen.Ultimately I'm not thoroughly satisfied but I'm also too lazy to return them.  But for $100.00 I might do it anyway.		
5	:	"Connected these to my TV, now I can listen as loud as I'd like at night without worrying about disturbing anyone. And the bass is phenomenal, I don't use the bass boost (it's almost silly how loud it becomes), but this thing is awesome. And I routinely get 12+ hours battery life."		
1	:	"I had thought these were pretty good headphones for around a hundred bucks, however, after less than 6 months of use the sound only comes out of one ear. I'm used to that happening with cheap earbuds, but that's unacceptable for 'quality' headphones, as these claim to be."		
3	:	"I got these headphones about a month ago and they sounded really good. The bass was amazing and the sound quality was pretty good too. But the plastic connecting the ear part to the headband is very easily brroken. I dropped it one time with no previous abuse and it snapped. The wire was intact and it still played music, but the warranty doesn't cover physical damage."		
4	:	"The headphone have worked great and have a strong bass sound to them, but taking and receiving calls has been a little challenging in terms of using the microphone. Also, if you turn your head the signal goes in and out. Just keep in mind like any over-the-ear headphone, these will warm up your ears, so in the summer you may sweat a little! Other than that, I can't really complain."		
1	:	I really liked the sound and the comfort. What I can???t stand is the shoddy craftsmanship where they come apart like this around the very spot where they must be constructed with quality - at the pivoting head. And what do you see inside? Of course a cheap thin piece of plastic that???s always going to break.		
5	:	"I really enjoy these after getting them through the prime day deal. I'm not sure I could ever spend $200+ on headphones. Glad they were under $100. Quality sounds good, not the greatest I've heard but that will not affect my rating. Look and feel nice, although they feel a little too light light they may not last too long. Overall a good buy."		
3	:	"I bought the headphones a little bit over a year ago. I love the sound quality and comfort. Unfortunately, after a year the right swivel cracked and has been degrading ever since. I'm not sure what happened but at this point the right side is almost hanging (wire is exposed). Would like to get this fixed but unfortunately I can't find any contact for Sony's Customer Service. I really would love to give this 4 or 5 stars."		
2	:	"These are okay plugged in but when they are on bluebooth, the audio quality drops so much that it is frankly quite awful. I bought these during the Amazon sale but they are really not worth the money. I really wish I returned these. They are just sitting in a box collecting dust now."		
5	:	"There's a lot of bass in these. Almost too much, at least for me. If you crave bass over everything else, these are the ???? for you. The companion app helps even things out should you need to decrease the amount of bass and wanna add some effects to enhance your listening pleasure."		
5	:	Love these headphones! The sound is amazing and the battery life lasts for a long time! I've had it a couple months now and have only charged it about three times. Definitely my favorite pair of wireless headphones.		
1	:	"I bought this to use at my desk at work. They never leave my desk. I've had them for 4 months and I was wearing them sitting down and I felt them sliding off, so I reach to adjust and I poke myself with a sharp edge. I take them off and see that the swivel on the left side is broken! I had been wearing them for an hour, just sitting down. I do not know how it happened. I'm deeply disappointed because they had a great sound, but this is unacceptable. I had bottom some Sony headphones in 2009, but they had metal and I still use them, thats why I purchased these. I even got an extra pair for a christmas gift, still in the box, and I feel I need to return them and get some better headphones for that gift."		
5	:	Great pair of headphones. Comes with aux cable to connect if Bluetooth is not available or battery is dead. The extra base may be a bit much but provides great quality sound. Charging doesnt take long as well. To check battery just press the power button and get a verbal notification on the battery level which I think is a great feature.		
1	:	"Great sound, great features but the arms that hold the speakers break easily and the headphone cable is proprietary. The arms are lightweight alloy and are not strong at all.  Also. this will not work with any aux cord, you have to buy one for this specific headset. The jack is inset too far for normal aux cords to seat into the unit. The Sony jack is slimmer and will fit. This is annoying if you accidentally break your aux/headphone cable."		
5	:	"These are the best sounding wireless headphones I have ever used. Yes, they produce incredible bass as you would expect with them being Xtra Bass, but they also have great highs and mids. I am also impressed with the comfort of the over ear pads especially when wearing sun glasses. I would recommend anyone wanting a comfortable overear headphone to buy these."		
5	:	"Best headphones that I have owned. The bass is really nice, the Bluetooth works pretty well and I liked that I can directly connect it to whatever device (with an audio jack) that I am using. The wonderful blue color is also a plus.I would suggest a case to hold it if you are going to travel with it since these headphones are a premium price."		
2	:	"Sound decent and feel good but has difficulty connecting to devices.  Connecting to Android phone took a few tries.  Could not connect to Bluetooth enabled computer running Windows 7 because, amazingly, Sony has no provided driver for these headphones for the most common PC OS.You should check compatibility with the devices to you plan to use with these headphones before purchasing.  That it's Bluetooth enabled is not enough."		
1	:	"After 7 months, one of the cups broke due to a pretty glaring design flaw. Although the box ships with a '1 year warranty', they'll claim that it's out of warranty. Avoid at all cost."		
2	:	"Sound quality is great and comfortable ear pads.  However, poor build quality. The swivel on the left ear pad broke after normal use. It???s made out of a thin  plastic circular swivel joint.  Should be reinforced with metal or harder plastic.Called Sony since it was under warranty but Sony customer relations stated physical damage voids the warranty. What?! Only electrical components are covered. Totally unacceptable. Really enjoyed the headphones until they broke."		
2	:	Bought this to use with my Nexus 6P. Wound up returning it due to disappointing audio quality. These things have lots of bass and not much else. Highs and mids are either muddy or non-existent depending on what you're listening to.		
5	:	"Great sound, deep bass and great battery life. Bought mine on prime day and now almost two months later still haven't recharged them (use them at the gym 4x a week). The app is convenient too. Only negative is the headphones could fit snugger. But only a minor flaw."		
5	:	"AWESOME HEADPHONES. DO NOT NEED TO DOWNLOAD THE SOFTWARE; JUST CHARGE IT, TURN IT ON, AND PAIR IT TO ANYTHING. I'VE ONLY HAD THIS FOR A COUPLE OF DAYS BUT I ALREADY LOVE IT!! BE SURE TO ENABLE SUPER BASS. THESE ACTUALLY SOUND BETTER THAN MY BOSE HEADSET!! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!"		
5	:	"I needed a pair of over ear headphones, so I bought these on Prime day. They work really well, and have great sound quality. I do notice that when the battery starts to get really low they get much more quiet, but as long as they stay charged they???re great!"		
5	:	Really terrific headphones! The bluetooth works seamlessly with my Iphone6. The sound quality is terrific and the bass is on point.The app could use some improvements as it doesn't offer to much flexibility beyond allowing you to customize how much bass there is.10/10 would recommend		
4	:	Great bass. Sound very good. Microphone pick ups some extra ambient noise. I use it for some meetings and if my coworkers are talking loud then it will not do a good job cancelling the noise. but they do sound great and the base is spectacular!		
3	:	"Nice Bass, but lacking mid and treble, I guess you can't have it all!!?? Tried the Beats also but they lack Bass, so it seems like the perfect headphones just don't exist yet! Another bad feature about this Sony's is the fact that they fit loose, so of you're walking or moving too much, these will fall off.."		
4	:	"Got a cheaper refurbished pair after having a bad time with a cheap pair of headphones I got. GREAT sound, fits OVER and AROUND my ears, I don't really like the bass boost, makes it sound like vocals are underwater. Everything is great about them except I use these on a standing desk and my PC tower is under the desk and sometimes I get interference but it's negligible,"		
2	:	"Uh, so I was really excited about the possibility of getting great headphones with extra bass for a reasonable price.What I got instead is a set of headphones with ok quality, but zero privacy. I can keep these at the lowest level above mute and a person sitting next to me can still hear what I'm listening to (words included; not just the bass beats). If you're into that, great. If you're looking to respect your neighbor's choice to listen to their own thing, look elsewhere.Phone quality was ok. I know some of the reviews claim it's better than the phone quality on their earbuds...I have to disagree. I felt like I was in a Verizon commercial. (Can you hear me now?)I do not recommend. ????????????????"		
4	:	Picked these up on Special on Prime Day and they are Fantastic!!! So far I've connected them to all my devices including our Samsung TV and the New Bluetooth Record player I also bought on Amazon!! The sound is amazing and very comfortable for long wearing periods.  I love watching TV thru them. And for 100.00 bucks they can't be beat!!!!		
4	:	"With all the wired ear buds and headphones I have, wanted a good Bluetooth option without without having to take out a second mortgage. Sound quality is good, craftsmanship is decent, but the suggest app is pretty much useless. Girlfriend has a pair of Beats, and these hold their own in comparison for the price."		
2	:	"Sounds great, fits well. However they are rather delicate, they broke for me after 11 months and it seems to be pretty standard for these.  Especially at this price point that is unacceptable."		
2	:	"This is the second pair my son has purchased. In both cases, the earphone snapped off WHILE he was wearing it. No dropping or damage, just while he was listening they fell apart. Very disappointed in Sony. That's $400 in headphone in a year that broke. Cheaply made."		
3	:	"Headphone audio quality was above average, so no complaints about that. However I can't say that the build is sturdy. Somehow the connector between the headband and actual ear piece separated while the headphones were in my work bag. If this product had a foldable design, i'm sure this wouldn't have happened. I had a pair of Sony MDR's and those lasted 6 years, while these didn't even last one. Pretty disappointed."		
4	:	"Purchased as gift for daughter - she really likes them.  Would like to have removable and replaceable pads for ear cushions, since wearing outside can start to sweat."		
1	:	"One of the best headphones I've ever used, but the plastic is really weak.One of the joints broke 2 days after the Amazon Return policy expired and the next day, the other joint broke too.I kept these carefully, in a case, but I did use them when I was in bed, against the pillow, that should not break Headphones!"		
2	:	"Sound quality was less than I was excepting. When paired to two different devices, the headphones don't switch automatically when the non-connected device tries to connect. They are comfortable, but a very tight fit over my ears, almost an on-ears headphones."		
1	:	"Headphones sound fine, but what chaos my hide is that the warranty didn't cover the molding that connects the ear phone to headband. I used them regularly and the left ear piece molding cracked. I bought these in July 2017, and they are still within the one year warranty, but this is not covered.  I had a much better experience when I had a similar problem with a pair of JBL headphones; they actually replaced them."		
5	:	"I was going to buy them here on amazon, but wasn't sure if they sounded good or not. So I went somewhere to try them out first. Let me tell you that these headphones are worth it. They are much better than the beats, and I fell in love with them as soon as I tried them out. The extra bass makes it even better."		
5	:	"but I just put these on and must say these are awesome. The bass effect is super nice and it's very comfortable which is the other reason why I usually hate headphones.I usually don't write reviews so this means something, honest!Only drawback is that I wish they made headphones that go behind the head b/c I hate messing up my hair."		
3	:	"I like the sound from this headphone.  The cushioning around the earpiece is nice and soft but it suffocates my ears and  keeps them hot, so I cannot keep it on long.  Sony needs to rethink the design of the earpiece."		
5	:	Bought these for my mom to use while watching tv late night in her condo. She really likes them and uses them for hours at a time.		
5	:	Download the headphone and Sony music apps and Boom!  I changed my listening experience to club and even old school beats without enhancement sound crystal clear.  I snagged these on Prime day for a song so the excellent quality is a double bonus!		
5	:	I purchased this product and absolutely am blown away at the quality! Save your money folks and don't be fooled with Beats & other brands that are far more expensive just for the 'name'. The 'extra bass' mode makes it really pop. The ear pieces are super comfortable and really mute out any sound of the music when I'm blasting some Beyonc?? while working on my Excel spreadsheets at work. Definitely worth the price tag.		
5	:	"I have had them for more than a year. I have been using them every day ever since I bought them and I have had a wonderful experience.I have never used them while working out, but they are perfect for home use. Pro Tip: press the bluetooth button for 7+ seconds when trying to connect a new device. Also, I got them during Prime day for less than $100"		
1	:	"Keeps getting out of sync with Netflix, Amazon Streaming video, & Youtube.I have to disable the device and then re-enable the device to correct the sync issue. Netflix will restart, but Amazon makes me close the browser and restart the video."		
4	:	Nice and loud but they really sacrifice clarity for bass. My Audio Technica's SR5BT sound way cleaner.		
5	:	These headphones sound wonderful and the price is very good.		
1	:	"Got them some time ago . Broke from hinges .Should have seen images from other customers . Many have had same issues .Called Sony for support , they say this is not covered . So basically $100 down the drain"		
1	:	"Item broke after minimal use and it???s been just over the time horizon to return. They broke entirely on their own as well, not very durable."		
4	:	"I like my Bose headsets better for sound, but these are very good and seem to need less of a recharge. They have a Bass boost feature, but I use them for TV viewing and don't need that feature."		
5	:	"Not my 1st set of Sony Cans (V6???s sound awesome), but my first wireless ones. I was a little worried there would be latency, I can???t detect any. Always had good luck with Sony Headphones, love these, very comfortable. Very inexpensive on Prime day too!"		
4	:	"I'm not an expert on anything, but I like them. The 'extra bass' option is overkill, as the sound profile of these is pretty deep in general. Some things get 'crushed' on the low end, but I don't mind. Very comfortable, good bluetooth range, good battery life. Pretty happy overall. There's probably 'clearer' headphones out there, but for a casual listener myself, I'm pleased."		
5	:	"These are great head phones. Our family has tried many but everyone now has these sony headphones. They have excellent sound, very comfortable, keep a charge for long periods of time, and are stylish."		
4	:	"They sound good, connect fast and work ok. I was hoping they would be a little more comfortable. My biggest problem is portability, it's almost impossible to put it into a carry on, you have to have it on you."		
5	:	"The range of sound on these headphones is better than most I have heard. Bought these for bass. They do not disappoint. I really do like the blue color, very unique. Unfortunately, I broke this pair. And have moved to the same model in black. Yep. I broke them, and bough another pair. That good."		
1	:	"fart cannons. not only is there too much bass, the quality of the bass is garbage. anyone who thinks these are good has no ear for music or audio"		
5	:	Awesome headset it isThe 3.5mm aux cable could have been of a better quality		
5	:	"Got these 1/2 off during one of Amazon???s sales. So worth it. These are my first pair of legit headphones, so I don???t have much to compare them to, but the sound quality (and the bass) is great. The Bluetooth connectivity works well with my iPhone, and the battery life is impressive. I charge them once every couple of weeks when needed. I definitely recommend these headphones!"		
1	:	"The joint cracked way too easily, plastic is flimsy, but sound quality is good for price point."		
2	:	Very comfortable and sound quality is great but.... LIKELY TO BREAK!  Happened to 2 PAIRs I owned and is a very common problem as the rotating joint of headphones is cheap plastic.  Warranty is only 3 months so basically worthless unless you break them within this time... which would only further prove how poorly made this product is.		
5	:	"I love them! It looks a little silly on the head, but the design is sharp and very pleasing to look at. It is nice and comfortable, but in two or three hours, my ears started to get a little sore. It's not too tight though.It is very bass heavy so if you are planning to buy these and do not listen to music that puts emphasis on bass, you might want to reconsider. However, if you are someone who love bass, then these are some headphones that you should consider picking up!"		
1	:	"Well, worked great for almost 2 months, still great with Bluetooth but no with cable. First I thought if I change the cable it will work fine but no. Tried with 3 different cables and no luck, the music is distorted when using a cable. Pricey and worked fine for 2 months. What a shame..."		
2	:	"As far as audio quality, these headphones work great.  Unfortunately, like many other reviews here have stated, there is a weak point on them that break easily with just normal wear.  Lasted under a year."		
4	:	"My music-lover daughter and I have been sharing these headphones while I figure out what I think about them. She spent half an hour trying to get the Bluetooth to work, and did. I spent longer and had to give up and use them while connected to her phone, which, you can imagine, didn't go over well in spite of the fact that I was sharing them. The sound quality is excellent. I love that one of their features is a special button for extra bass! They are very comfortable and look really cool (at least on my teenager, not so sure about on me). The headphones themselves contain all the buttons you'll ever need: the right one contains controls for volume, play, etc. and the left contains the power button, bass effect, charger port, input and mic. My one complaint about them is a lack of user friendliness. The fact that you can take calls while listening to music is awesome...but I never figured out how to make it work (nor did my daughter) and it would have been nice to be able connect these to my own phone's Bluetooth. My phone showed the proper Sony headphones icon, and I followed the instructions properly, but my Android device was unable to recognize the headset...sigh. In summary, these are awesome headphones, especially for super tech-savvy persons unlike me."		
5	:	"I'm not big on headphones normally but thought I'd try them since they were half off for prime day...I LOVE them. I listen to all sorts of genres of music. The bass is not over powering like some reviewers state and you can adjust it to your liking. The sound is so clear, amazing quality. I'd recommend to anyone!"		
5	:	I got this headphone because of this YouTube person URAVGCONSUMER is his CHANNEL that reviews tech and he always talk about this sony headphone. So on prime day this were on sale great prize couldn't pass it up . They are really great I'm really happy with them I would recommend this headphone		
5	:	"these headphones exceeded my expectations!  I did have some trouble getting consistent pairing, and something happens where it stutters after being disconnected and then connected again, but I think that is pilot error.  Also, they are very comfortable and fit well, and I have a small head so often have trouble with full headphone sets fitting."		
5	:	"I bought these to sinc up with my Echo.  They do not and I was ready to send them back however, I received my new Kindle 8 HD and, they sinc up to it!!  I am currently JAMM'IN with access to my Amazon Prime Music and not bothering anyone else in the house!!  The extra bass is booming!!  They hold tight on your head while scrubb'ing the tub and, even though they look big, they are very light.  Now I'm off for the ultimate test....Litter Box patrol!!"		
1	:	"Ear piece fell apart within a week. Since amazon is NOT an authorized dealer for Sony, it was a pain to send back. I had to go through Sony first. Makes no sense."		
1	:	Rubbish. Only a few times.		
5	:	"These are great. They sound great, the battery performance is great, and they're comfortable.The first Bluetooth headphones I can actually recommend."		
5	:	"I had my first pair of these for a good few months before they were run over by a truck and completely destroyed.  Because of my warranty, however, I got another pair for free, and have had them for over a year now without issue. I don???t know if all of these people complaining about their headphones breaking are just getting faulty products or abusing their headphones, but mine hasn???t given me any problems."		
5	:	These headphones are amazing.  I have been able to pair them with all of my Apple devices without any trouble.  The base effect is a great option and the sound is crystal clear.  They are also comfortable to wear and the noise cancellation actually works.  So glad I bought them!		
4	:	"These headphones are absolutely massive.  I didn't realize how large they were until I put them on.  They do pack a hefty punch when it comes to bass.  They are also very comfortable.  I wouldn't use these for anything other than sitting at home though, as they get sweaty easily.  I love these headphones and use them for music and gaming.  If you want something to use shamelessly in public then I recommend using on-ear headphones."		
5	:	Love these. I use them when mowing the lawn and the sound quality is great--they even do a great job of blocking the noise from the tractor. Very intuitive to pair and use. I'm very happy with this purchase.		
1	:	"Sony XB950B1 Extra Bass Wireless Headphones with App Control, Black (2017 model)I bought these on July 10th 2017 and use them daily at the gym. I don't throw them around and make sure they're taken care of. Mine broke over the past few days and Sony has told me, point blank, that these models are not available for repair or replacement. The swivel on one ear piece is broken rendering these useless.I find this hard to believe that a $200 pair of headphones that breaks in a few days over three months isn't available for some kind of repair or replacement. I thought I could get better customer service from Sony, but will be sure my electronics business goes elsewhere in the future."		
5	:	"Great Headphones! Got lucky to buy them with the Prime day deal! The sound is awesome, very comfortable, noise cancelation works good. Size adjusting area is strong. Recommend them 100%"		
1	:	ok to be fair i love the sound but the build quality is worse than a pair or super cheap headphones they break so easily with normal use.		
4	:	I like the sound and the quality. The set up was easy. I just wish they went a little bit smaller. When I lay on a bench to work out the fall back. Nothing I can't handle.		
2	:	"The audio quality and what not was fine but the damn plastic pivots on the actual ear piece were fragile as hell and ended up breaking after only a few months of use. Now it dangles freely and cant be worn. These are not durable at all and if should only be used if you dont plan on moving around with them a lot. Dont work out with them, dont store them in a backpack, because they get beat up easily and once that simple little plastic breaks it renders the whole thing useless."		
5	:	"High quality headphones made out of high quality materials. These headphones have incredible deep tones and high tones. The extra bass feature is useful when paired with the app to control how you like to listen to music. In addition these headphones run on one charge for a few days for me, and they are very comfortable."		
1	:	"Connected fine with iPhone.  However, have never been able to connect to 2 different Bluetooth transmitters connected to TV."		
5	:	"I used these while getting a 5 hour tattoo and loved them. They cancel outside noise very well and people cannot hear your music, unless the volume is turned up all the way and even then they can't really hear it too well. The bass boost button really adds a very deep and clear bass. The charge is fast and the battery life is long. All in all they are a very quality set of headphones that come with adequate accessories and instruction manuals, and of course they produce a quality sound at maximum volume."		
2	:	"It worked fine until it suddenly did  not work any longer. No music, no light, no charging...."		
1	:	"Each earphone is held on by a flimsy plastic swivel, which becomes fatigued and breaks after a few months of use. Sony will not repair or replace after the warranty expires, and the headphones are designed so that it's impossible to replace the swivel yourself without desoldering the earphone wire. Crappy, cheap, flawed design on an expensive pair of headphones."		
1	:	"The sound quality on these are pretty good. But break way to easily. All the reviews have the break in the same spot. We all got the same ""sorry but the warranty doesn't cover this"" and in reality for someone like Sony to sell a shotty product and have such little customer support is shocking. When I bought these I felt safe thinking that Sony hasn't let me down before. DON'T BE FOOLED. LOW QUALITY"		
1	:	"I purchased these headphones a couple weeks ago. The bass only works in one ear, and even that limited bass is very weak. The sound quality is extremely fuzzy, and I am absolutely disgusted with this headphones in general. These things are worth $30, at the absolute most. Most JVC/ lower tier cheaper headphones provide much better quality! I don't think I will ever buy Sony again!"		
5	:	"I read all the reviews of this product before I bought it. After trying the product, it far exceeded my expectations. I love these headphones. The sound quality is exceptional! I really wonder why/how anyone will give this product a less than excellent rating. I will never let some people's negative reviews hold me back, it almost did for this purchase. My dream has always been beats, but this product beat beats hands down!"		
5	:	Got these for 100 and they are wonderful. No issues with the Bluetooth connection or the cable connection what so ever. Sound quality is excellent for 40mm drivers. The battery lasts quite some time even if left on. They are also the most comfortable Bluetooth headphones I've ever put on. Way better than the beats solo headphones they threw in for free with my laptop. Only bummer with these is that they don't fold up which makes me nervous putting them in my backpack.		
3	:	"as most have already said, the sound is great. However for extended use periods the headphones are god awefully heavy can get extremely tight on the head. Be warned though this is only if you have them on for a 2-3 hours constantly. I have had quite a few episodes of headaches because of this. As for the quality of sound, they are pretty good."		
1	:	"Don't sit on it, step on it, pull on the hinge at all, or leave it sitting in front of a fan, because a stiff wind will break the hinges in half! No gorilla glue fixes this."		
5	:	"Immediately felt the improvement in the bass of the music that I listened to. Haven't experienced the same amount of bass with my other headphones (V-Moda and Beats Studio Wireless). This headset has that ""earthquake"" effect that are just non-existent to these other headphones."		
5	:	"I really enjoy these headphones; the only issue I had is that there is a slight rattling in the left ear piece, but it is so small that you can't notice it unless you are very specifically looking for it."		
2	:	"Nice sound, but the build quality doesn't hold up. I've owned 2 pairs of these and both sets only lasted 7-8 months due to the swivel mechanism being made of bridle plastic and wearing out. These are pretty expensive and seeing they break literally within months makes them not worth it, which is sad because the sound quality was great."		
1	:	"Arrived in good shape, however does not work. Sound cuts in and out on everything I've tried them on. Unfortunately, I threw out the packing expecting they would work. Now I'm out 98.00 from Prime Day..."		
3	:	They work okay. Can't get more than 20 ft from my laptop without them breaking up.		
3	:	"Nice sound/bass for the price, but one of the swivels broke after a couple months. It was probably my fault but I???ve never had another pair of headphones break like that. Avoid if you tend to be rough on your gear.If yours do break, ~2"" black gaffers tape is by far the best way I've found to repair them. The only downside is that side will no longer swivel."		
5	:	"These are incredible headphones. I ordered them during prime day and got them for just under half the original price. These sound so much better than the very expensive beats headphones. You can really hear the distinction between the highs and the lows, the treble and the bass, and the audio quality is full and rich. To top it all off, it sounds this good when it's wireless!! This is a great investment that you should really consider. There have been no issues yet since I have had them!"		
3	:	"There comfy headphones all around but , I think they could improve the sound compared to the sony mdr studio."		
5	:	I am very happy with these headphones.  For years I struggled with earbuds while running.  Finally decided to go to headphones and these have great sound quality.  Very happy.		
1	:	Erratic charging. Never buy unless your an electrical engineer		
5	:	I love these headphones. I bought them for my sister for college and she uses them when studying and loves them. When I talk to her on the phone when she is wearing them I ask her how she can concentrate through all the noise I hear and she tells me she cant hear anything but me. The noise canceling is great. I'm going to buy my dad a pair because he loves to wear them while mowing the lawn. We have had them for 5 months now with no problems.		
4	:	"I love these headphones I'm using it with my tv, the battery life is really good they are not comfortable for long period of time, and kind of heavy. but over all the sound is really good, solid bluetooth connection."		
5	:	"I've had the 950bt model since December 2015. Zero problems, still in very good condition and work perfectly. The only places I'm seeing or feeling any wear is on the insides of the speaker cups, on the cushion. I usually wiped them with a dry, clean cloth to get any oils off as often as I remembered to. They still fit snugly, and sound just like they always have."		
1	:	"I had these headphones for a little over a year and they broke just from pressure of heaving them on my ears. Imagine if you drop them accidentally, they'll become instant garbage. Forget about these headphones, save your money for something better. GO FOR BOSE. I still have my Bose headphones for over 5 years now and they work perfectly."		
1	:	"couldn't blue tooth pair w my iphone, ipad, macbook.  sounds OK but Blue tooth non funcitonal"		
5	:	"Absolutely awesome.  My son says the base is outstanding and he feels they are more durable than some other, more expensive brands have been."		
2	:	"beautiful sound, but broke after six months like everyone is saying. The left speaker detached completely with gentle use."		
4	:	I have profound hearing loss.  I need volume.  These are the loudest I've tried.  Could be louder but still good.  Great bass and sound quality.		
1	:	"I take care of my things and after a year of light use these things snapped apart. The plastic that holds the ears together is really cheap and weak, avoid these headphones at all cost."		
5	:	"These are just great headphone.  Great sound (as most Sony's have) battery last a long time (10+ hrs), charge fast, very comfortable."		
2	:	"got mine and right away felt bad difference to regular apple earbudsa sound is not clear, distorted and no big difference with Base Effect On/Off.annoying noise appears right with the message ""Power On"" and disappears with ""Power Off"". That ""white"" noise is present if Power On with or without any connection.I'm very disappointed.I did like ease setup, btw."		
4	:	"Clear sound, great imaging and terrific device control. The bass, however, is overdone at times even with the Extra Bass mode turned off. Depending on the style of entertainment that can be a problem.All in all these a well made and reasonably priced for their capabilities."		
4	:	"I am about to send this back, I am heartbroken because i love the bass, I love the music quality only in wireless mode. Now, the problem is that wired mode the music sounds like chipmunks singing, only one side plays music. I have pushed the aux all the way, pulled it half way but no changes."		
4	:	"Good but not great, really should come with a storage case, most other head phones in this price range do.  If I buy again it won't be these"		
5	:	If you have a TV that broadcast Bluetooth these ear phone are great. You can turn down the sound and listen to a program and not bother anyone else in the house or room.		
5	:	This product is absolutely essential for the music enthusiasts the sound quality is awesome and if you love bass it's a must have both wired and wireless		
5	:	Not much I can say except that the quality of sound is terrific! Especially the bass sounds are great like I've never heard before with other portable wireless headphones. The ear cushions are comfortable and sometimes I use them for hours straight.Only had them a few months so I hope they're durable and a last along time.		
1	:	"I purchased these as a ""Deal"".  Should have realized there are reasons that things are deeply discounted.  One speaker stopped working less after less than 5 uses."		
5	:	"Great. Even better that I got them on Prime day for half price. Using these to listen to songs I have heard for years, I heard new notes and sounds I had not before. They are comfortable, deaden outside sound well, and hold a charge forever."		
5	:	"No one else can hear what you're listening to.  Which is great if you're not one in the room using the headphones.  When I do wear them, the sound is great."		
2	:	"I purchased this less than 1 year ago, and the plastic that connects the over-ear housing to the headband has cracked and broken on both sides. I attempted my own repair, which worked, but today a new crack has formed in a new place. I use these headphones almost daily, so if you are looking for something that can withstand frequent use, look elsewhere."		
2	:	Got it not even 6 months ago. Look at picture for what happened to them. All I did was hold them by the part that goes on the ear in order to put them on the table. Waste of my money.Quality of sound is good though		
1	:	"TERRIBLE quality plastic. Bought TWO pairs and BOTH broke (ear cover detached) within 2 MONTHS of purchase when simply putting them on. Apparently this damage is ""not covered by warranty"" .... so what, exactly, is? DO NOT BUY. Not worth the quality of the music because it'll be broken in no time. Look elsewhere."		
3	:	"These are probably good for what they describe. Hard-core indiscriminate bass in your ears.  If I was 16 and wearing these at football practice, I would probably be happy with them. They are pretty. Unfortunately I bought them for part of a semi-pro studio set up and the music quality is just not there."		
3	:	"Sounds is good at home, but I have a Windows 7 machine at work, and surprise, surprise, Sony doesn't provide a driver. Why in the world would they not provide a driver?"		
5	:	Out of the box the bass effect is a mess! You must download the phone app and turn down the bass effect. I suggest listening to music and find the point where the bass does not overwhelm the music! After setting the bass effect properly these headphones are flawless!		
3	:	"My sister got a pair of these for my birthday.  I give them 3 and a half stars.They have a nice flat range and a bass booster meme button which is hilarious.  My gripe is the price and the plug in cable that comes with these to make them wired.  Its small, thin, and splits super easy.  Seriously, sony, make better cables for these."		
5	:	These speakers are wonderful.  They are big but comfortable and the sound is perfect for my kind of jazz music.		
5	:	I got these for the teen and he loves it. He uses it for gaming and going out. The sound is clear and it isolates outside noise pretty well.  To him it's very light and stylish.		
1	:	I really liked it when I just got the product. But broke in less than a month. I never dropped it or have it damaged but just broke one day when I was listening to music in my bed.		
5	:	"Great sound, I order this for my 16 year old son on sale during prime day and he likes the way they fit around his ears, no pressure around his ears the soft pads help and NFC connect ready."		
5	:	"Love the quality of these headphones. Excellent sound quality. Crisps, lows and highs are very distinctive. Good bass although I never used the extra bass. I have owned these for little over 3 years now. Still sound very good. Had to replace the ear pads because of wear but all in all very good build quality. Highly recommend."		
5	:	Love these!!! totally recommend these!!! BASS BASS BASS!!! Only thing I didn't like was that a carrying case wasn't included...		
4	:	"For the most part these headphones sound great! There are times when the bass distorts the music depending on the genre, but it's great when watching a movie.However, I wanted to use the headphones with a Bluetooth transmitter but it took me several tries because after pairing the headphone to my iPhone I didn't know how to set the headphones into pairing mode but that was accomplished after some research on the internet."		
4	:	Got these at a promotional rate on Prime Day.Worth every penny compared to similar headphones on the market. Sound BETTER than the comparable Beats that are wireless and cost $300! They'd be perfect if they were noise cancelling.		
5	:	"Very good product, second in bass to my wired crushers. But without the auto off function. Vastly superior in any application with intermittent bass. Like video games or movies."		
5	:	"I am so satified with these headphones! I'm in love with them! Love that there is a companion app for these, but I wish they had more options."		
5	:	"Finally headphones that truly block out the noise!!! The sound quality is incredible, love that they Bluetooth sync to your phone, and you can hear music versus wind blowing throw them like my other brand I spent way more money on!"		
5	:	"In my opinion, a great set of headphones. I've had them for about a week and am consistently surprised by how much more I can hear in a song. After hearing how good songs sound with them, I've been searching for as many songs as I can think of that I've liked from years ago to hear what they sound like. I don't know much about headphones but these really seem like good ones to me."		
5	:	Very comfortable. Fairly balanced for the price. I use these everyday and my ears are still happy.		
1	:	"My $30 Apple EarPods sound better than these headphones.  I so sincerely wish I was exaggerating, but unfortunately I'm not.  They produce some of the muddiest sounds I've ever heard in headphones, certainly at least for the amount of money they cost.  I thought the ""Extra Bass"" feature was turned on, so I hit the switch to turn it off.  Turns out, much to my dismay the extra bass was already off; turning it on makes the sound even worse.If you are the typical bass-addicted youngster with absolutely no sense of quality sound, then these may suit you.  Everyone else stay away, trust me.Incidentally, I am a professional musician and music educator with decades of music technology experience.  I am coming from a place of knowledge on this matter.  Quite simply, the highs and mids are absolutely dreadful.  I am sending these back tomorrow."		
2	:	"Comfortable Headphones. One of the earpieces broke while I was putting on the headphones...after 90days of light use. Since I do not use them on a regular basis and for long durations, and they break after my light use, I would NOT recommend these headphones. The sound quality was good. I liked having the option to have both wired and Bluetooth connections."		
4	:	Gift to my mom. She likes them. They work with her Fire tablet and fit over her hearing aids with comfort.		
1	:	the covers of the speakers where coming of one week after the return date (30 days or so) from Amazon expired. manufacture support didn't help as they say that is user wear...REALLY??? my son is super careful with them as this is prized possession....		
5	:	"I owned the generation before this for 3 years and loved them. When they broke, I bought these on prime day. I love these headphones, sound is great and the bass is as well. I haven't tried the Sony app yet but I don't think I need it."		
1	:	"It broke during normal use. And, to make it worse Square trade protection plan did not honor protection plan, because it is not a ""mechanical or electrical failure"". Will not purchase either this headphone or the square trade plan again."		
5	:	"I'm using it right now.  I don't know if I need the fancy audio effects, but I don't have to use them after all."		
5	:	"Perfect sound quality and goes over the ear (not on like beats) so that it's comfortable. Of course, if you do physical activity it will get sweaty but why complain!? If you ain't sweating' you ain't trainin'!"		
2	:	If your a music junkie than these are NOT for you.  Sounds are muddled.  Extra bass feature made everything I listened to worse.May work for some but for the straight music listener these cans are subpar		
5	:	Son loves them! I agree the fit and sound are nice. Easy to fold for portability.		
2	:	"Not better than the Sennheiser HD line.Tested them myself against the Sennheiser HD 558 and HD 598 over the exact same sound track. Unfortunately, the bass (even with the Extra Bass feature turned off) on the Sony XB950s sounds like an effect that distorts the whole sound. Tested the headphones over a second sound track with almost no bass, the quality in sound is about the same, but the distortion from the bass on the Sony XB950s breaks the immersion.  For $100 compared to the $140 for the Sennheiser HD Wireless sounded like a good deal believing that the Sony XB950s would be comparable.On a small side note, the XB950s can be much louder than the HDs. If for whatever reason you want to go deaf, go with Sony. All headphones tested are extremely comfortable. Really just personal preference if you can test them all out yourself.Below average product (2/5) because it does not do the bear minimum. I did not want headphones that heavily distort sound. Thinking about returning them or gifting them in the coming days."		
5	:	"Haven't had any problems and the battery from the factory lasted me a good 10 hours. No heating up as some other users have said so I must have gotten a good pair. Worth $100 not $198 they are advertised. Great for rap, trap, and dubstep and is very clear with bass effect off for rock and pop music."		
5	:	Can't beat the bass with this product. If you don't listen to bass-heavy music they are run of the mill.		
5	:	Sound good and at $100 as good as anything else at that price. Too bad they don't have noise canceling.		
2	:	"Pros:  The bass effect is awesome, almost like you're  in the theater.  The treble is pretty clear.  Comfortable fit.Cons:  Mine lasted about 2.5 months before the right  earphone broke; not the speaker, but the plastic  that actually supports/holds the speaker  against your ear."		
5	:	"Great headphones. I like that you can control the amount of bass you want..and you can do it directly from the app. Also, the bass is not overpowering like on other headphones. The cups are very comfortable and I have worn them for three hours straight without any issues."		
1	:	"The pivot piece that allows the ears to rotate us flimsy and broke very easily. I had to glue them by ack together and now it can't rotate. Pretty poor design to break so easily...Also the audio has way too much bass with the boost turned on, so I always listened with the boost off."		
1	:	"Great sound quality,  poor overall material used, plastic arms broke making entire headphones inoperable. The overall long-lasting function could of been better with a better design. Will attempt to Return these to sony since I am past the return time with amazon"		
4	:	"Good sound, inclined to the bass frequencies. Good quality but a lot of Bluetooth connectivity issues, especially if you'll use them with multiple computers, phones or other devices at the same time."		
5	:	I bought this as a gift and my friend loved it. So far so good. I am happy if he's happy.		
1	:	Already broken after a few months of light use. The sound quality was great while they lasted.		
1	:	Returned.  Didn't like the sound quality		
5	:	These sound amazing even if you are not a bass head but better if you are.		
3	:	Heavy bass. Also a heavier headphone than the beats. also very big ear pieces . I prefer in ear buds		
5	:	I love this and love the bluetooth that is with it.  I use them almost daily.		
5	:	My Sony TV 43X800d doesn't accept Bluetooth headphones but I found Bluetooth dongle so now it's working its purpose the sound is phenomenal love it		
5	:	These headphones are awesome. The bass is great and the battery lasts quite a while. The folding feature works well to keep the otherwise bulky shape convenient		
5	:	These sound great and at a more affordable price than comparable sounding ones.		
5	:	"Deff worth the money. I got these during prime day at half price, but would pay full price. Very clear sound, deep bass. Even at full volume, no crackling or distortion."		
2	:	"The sound is not what I expected.  Even after I downloaded the software, it still sounded like a low end pair of headphones."		
5	:	"My husband loves them for noise blocking, but I personally think they look HUGE."		
5	:	"These are excellent quality headphones at a lower price point entry than some of the Bose or Beats models.  The sound quality might be a little inferior at the high end, but the bass quality is great.  They have a seamless interface and are easy to use.  I wish they included a case, but aside from that I'm very pleased."		
5	:	as advertized		
5	:	These are amazing for the price. Incredible bass. The highs and mids are very good too.		
2	:	The sound in the headphones is great but after a few months the plastic joints cracked and broke off. Fixed it with glue but now the other side cracked too.		
2	:	it worked fine for the first month and a half but now it just started bugging out. It would just disconnect to my computer randomly even if i'm standing a foot away from it. the audio is also starting to glitch out and have really quick pauses on top of it all. turns out my warranty expired the day only a couple days before all this started happening		
5	:	work great so far. bought on amazon prime day. great headphones for the money !		
1	:	Plastic swivel in the hinge broke. In such a critical component that is stressed each time you use the headphones I'm surprised and disappointed Sony did not choose to use a more robust material.		
5	:	"If you're a basshead and want some headphones that bump! Then look no further, these things are cannons! They're exactly what I've been looking for when it comes to bassy headphones. I like my music to bump, and even if you don't like too much bass in your music you have the option to turn it off, or customize how much bass you want or don't want."		
5	:	"Love these headphones! The bass that they produced is outstanding. I listen to a lot of alt rock and the bass is low and loud. With  sound that is deep and resonating. Similar to a 12??? sub but not as overwhelming. They have a great balance of highs, mids, and lows."		
5	:	"I bought Beats Studio 2 wireless headphones, but they just didn???t provide the kick that I wanted in terms of bass. I listen to a lot of EDM and R&B, and the bass in the Sony headphones is incredible. The physical design of the Sony headphones is a little dated, but I still think the sound is second to none and wouldn???t have any other pair. I just wish for $199+ Sony would include a hard shell case to protect them!"		
4	:	Amazing headphones only a 4 Star because my boyfriend got them to Bluetooth to his iPhone but nothing I did could get them to connect to my iPhone.		
1	:	Twice I bought these headphones and twice the cheap plastic connecting the ear pieces to the headband broke.  Plastic parts/ break easily.  Everything else was great.  Not going to buy a third pair.		
2	:	"Really disappointed that these headphones broke within a year of purchasing. Even in carrying these in case, and taking good care of them, they were some reason not able to endure the day to day usage."		
1	:	"Audio started distorted. Got worse over a short time. Ear piece then detached from headband. Cheap quality! Contacted Sony to resolve but no luck! Sony refused to replace, claiming it to be ""physical damage"" saying all physical damage is fault of the customer."		
5	:	I wear these headphones for 10+ hours a day and they are very comfortable with excellent sound. Got them on prime day - at a discount you cannot pass them up.		
1	:	"This sucked! It did not work with my PS4! You'd think that, this being made by Sony, and the PS4 is made by Sony, that they would work together! But no, that would make sense to the regular folks!"		
1	:	steams that hold the ear piece in place broke on both sides only a year after buying from best buy. Will not be buying Sony in the future.		
5	:	"This were a huge upgrade over my aging Beats Pros. All the features and quality you get with this headset is worth the $200 price tag. Luckily I got mine for $98 on Prime Day. I recommend waiting until a price cut, if they ever have one! 5 STARS"		
1	:	Wouldn't hold signal. Returned		
1	:	"They worked great for about 2 months, but now the bluetooth disconnects on its own and the sound is much quieter and muffled.  Invest in something better."		
5	:	"Easy to connect and great sound, comfortable on the ears.  Love them."		
2	:	"They sound great, but within 2 months the speakers blew. I know I listen to my music loud but not loud enough to blow the speakers that fast. I got mine at best buy, not Amazon but felt compelled to review them for anyone else considering buying. I'd give them 5 stars if they didnt bust so fast"		
5	:	Bought 2 sets. 1 for my hubby. 1 for my son! They LOVE THEM!!		
4	:	these are great		
2	:	I love the sound quality of these headphones. That is where the good ends. The plastic piece around the headphone speaker broke. I called Sony Support and they said that this is a known issue but isn???t covered under warranty. Buy at your own risk. I learned the hard way.		
5	:	"Got these for my adult son, who actually produces some music (so he's particularl) he is really impressed -and uses them quite a bit. Just came off of the plane with them on yesterday!"		
5	:	Great headphones and bought them on sale. You cannot go wrong with these!		
1	:	I bought this product as a gift for my husband for his September birthday. We opened it and it cannot hold a charge. Poor product and now Amazon says its outside of the return window. Don't buy this product.		
1	:	"I can't figure out how these headphones received good reviews. The support that wraps around your ear doesn't even come close to touching my ear but floats above it. This leaves all the weight of the headset (which is pretty heavy) on the ear buds. I'm an average height man who does not have small ears. Not only is this uncomfortable, but it also doesn't stay when moving. On top of the fit issues the sound quality is not good. Save your money and upgrade to a nicer set."		
1	:	"I think this is a really good set for people with large ears. Unfortunately if you have normal size ears this set does not fit. I bought this because it is the sport style with the ear loop, however if it does not hug your ear, these pop out. There is not adjustment or any way that I know of to get it to wrap closer to my ear, during running activities these fall out. I really like the price and the sound quality is pretty good, yes they have a shorter battery life than some of the competition, but I'm willing to sacrifice that for the price difference, however the ear loops not touching my normal size ears and not adjustable, sorry don't waste your time on these.Follow-up: Vendor sent a replacement set since these are too big for anyone's normal size ears. Unfortunately the replacement sent was a wired set of earbuds, that probably fit the ear better, but I didn't order wired earbuds, I ordered a Bluetooth connected wireless set, so this isn't really a suitable replacement. Moving review to 1/2 of 1 star."		
3	:	"Coming from $80 name brand bluetooth headphones, these are a great deal.PROS:SoundBluetooth connectivity. - No loss of connection, tells you how much battery you have left, and pairs quickly and easily to my Nexus 5X and Ford Sync.Comfort (sort of, more on that in cons tho.)CONS:While comfortable, I don't feel confident they will stay on. Not because of the ear buds though. More due to the flimsy ear hook and larger size of the headphones. They look like blue 2x4 lego bricks. But the earhooks do not really sit on the top of my ears. They hover just slightly off the top of my ears. And with the way the ""lego brick"" sticks out forward toward my face causes the headphones to point outward from my head because the earhooks are flimsy and sitting higher than the top of my ears. And the back of my ear is barely touching the back of the hook. But since you can't adjust the earhooks in anyway I have deducted two stars as this affects the look when wearing and little confidence they will stay on while working out. For reference I am 5'8"".UPDATE: I prefer not to wear these anymore because the fit just is not good. I have to wear a hat while working out to keep the ear hooks and headphones in place or against my head. Also, I realized the illustrations for this product say the ear hook is adjustable which is ENTIRELY FALSE.UPDATE #2: Great customer service! Patozon customer service team contacted me and offered a replacement with a different model. They sent me an Mpow Cheetah. I like it a lot more than the Flame. I've even taken it with me mountain biking. I'm able to leave it in on one ear and off on the other so I can still pay attention to other riders and people using the trails. It feels much more snug around my head as the whole thing basically wraps around my head, but doesn't interfere with wearing a helmet. I will leave a review for it on the Cheetah product page."		
2	:	"The sound quality and battery life are ok - which is why it's getting 2 stars, not only 1. It's really an annoying headphone and I recommend not to purchase it, for two reasons.1. When answering a call on an iPhone while connected to this headset, you cannot merely press the button on the headset and have it answer the call. No no. You have to take the following steps:a. You first press the ""answer"" button on the headset.b. Then check the iPhone call menu for the audio source. The default would be the iPhone itself, and you have an option to select ""speaker"" or ""Mpow Flame"".c. Finally, scroll to find ""Mpow Flame"" on the menu, and click on it. That connects the headset to the call.This can take several seconds, during which the person on the other end thinks you already answered the call (because you clicked ""answer""), and they start talking, while you're still fumbling around to activate this stupid headset. Only after you've selected the audio source, you can talk. By then you need to ask the other party to repeat what they said because you haven't heard a thing.This is so annoying it's hard to believe they would design a headset with such a moronic setup!2. Dictating into the iPhone using these headphones is a nightmare. Trying to dictate into my iPhone speaking at a normal volume yields so many mistakes that it's useless. The only way to dictate that it would get most of the words correctly, is to yell, or remove the headset from your ears and speak directly into the mic - and even then the accuracy level is far below the accuracy level of dictating directly into the phone. Since I use dictation all the time, I find this headset pretty useless.In short, I don't recommend.UPDATE:As a result of this negative review, Patozon sent me a different headset, ""Mpow Cheetah Bluetooth Headphones, V4.1 Wireless Sport Headphones"", which turned out to be better. Answering a call by pressing the button on the headset connects the call directly to the headset, and it's better for dictation. This is very good customer service, so I would rate the company high in that respect. However, that headset, too, is hardly perfect for dictation, and the sound quality isn't as good as the Flame. Of the two, I prefer the Cheetah, which is the one I use. For the price, it's not bad. But I cannot recommend either of them. In short: 5 stars for customer service, 2 stars on the Flame and 3.5 stars for the Cheetah."		
5	:	"******edited was 3 stars now 5 because they contacted me and sent new headphones!! Great customer service! All in all love them!Original post. Had since June 04,18 today August 17, 2018 the right side has stopped playing music and has even cracked. Battery life can last maybe 8 hours when listening to music maybe less. Sound quality is really good. They are comfortable to wear but one ear falls off more then the other. My husband works out side and sweats a lot so for him they aren???t sweatproof he started hearing static most likely from sweat damage lol. Will be buying again though since he likes them but I???m rating 3 stars only because they didn???t last as long as I thought they would. We have 2 kids and money is tight so I???m praying these next pair will last longer."		
1	:	"While the electronics work, the physical design is terrible, rendering the electronics useless. I would recommend against purchasing this product.1) There is a big bulbous shape near the earbud that prevents the earbud from being inserted fully into the ear canal. As a result, you can't hear the medium to low range of sound unless you're physically holding the earbud onto your ear the whole time. External noises easily overwhelm the weak high-range sound coming from the earbud too, due to this flaw. This is not an earbud fit issue - multiple people tried the different earbud tips and always had this issue. 2) The black silicone piece that secures the cord behind the neck is too loose. In fact, it fell off after 15 minutes of gentle road biking. It is now lost forever on the street somewhere. So I'm stuck with a cord that can never be secured again. I would probably care about that if I ever planned to use this product again.3) The ""arm"" that goes over and behind your ear is soft and floppy, and it's basically useless for holding the contraption in place. By contrast, a genuine Beats earbud's ""arm"" is stiffer and actually serves a purpose other than decoration. Especially if you wear sunglasses or eyeglasses.So basically you have this huge heavy thing that's not being supported on your ear by anything, and you can't even get the part that's supposed to go into your ear all the way in. No thanks, hard pass."		
5	:	"So I bought these for my 14 year old so she could have a pair of Bluetooth headphones for use at school or just to use. When they arrived, I tried them on. They felt pretty comfortable and they were easy to pair as well to my iPhone X. They came ready to use out the box but unknown battery charge. I used them for about 30 minutes playing various types of music. I was very pleased and happy with the sound quality. I realize that for the price they lacked in deep bass and treble but the highs were good and mid range was good as well. All the features worked as advertised and very easy to get use to. For under $30 they are good and I don???t have to worry about my daughter losing or damaging them and being out $$$. I am pleased and my daughter was happy to have a Bluetooth set of headphones."		
5	:	"Comparing these to the same color scheme Beats Powerbeats 2 which I had forever but lost. For what these are at $22, they work fine and I had no issues charging them, connecting them to iPhone X, or getting music playback. Sound quality is not as good as the Beats, but that was not really an expectation due to price difference. These do sit further off the ear and look a little different in how they sit in your ear than the Beats did. Also the hook that goes over and around the ear doesn't feel like it actually does anything. Again, at $22 these work fine if you want a cheap pair of bluetooth workout headphones without paying for Beats. I will probably order another pair of Beats because I prefer the sound quality over this cheaper pair and keep this set as a backup."		
4	:	"So looking past the ear hangers are freaking huge. The title for these states that it is IPX7. which by definition means less than 30 minutes no deeper than 1 meter. In the description it says ""IPX7 Water-resistant"". Which is is not a real rating. Since IPX6 is suppose to protect against splashing I figured a higher rating with an actual submersion rating would be ok against minor splashing. This is clearly false advertisement, so just be aware of what you want to use these for. I wear these sitting in my hot tub. I was splashed on one side of my head effectively splashing one of the ear pieces. And it stopped working. These are NOT waterproof as the rating they advertise states and they are hardly water resistant.Flip side is that the sound is ok for headphones that sit on your ear, but had I know one would have stopped working after being splashed I would have chose a set that was actually IPX7.UPDATE: So their customer service is pretty on top of things. They sent me another set and they work. I still find it hard to confirm the IPX7 rating, but I can submerge them and continue to use them. It would be nice if the ear hooks were adjustable."		
4	:	"I bought these for my daughter who has very small ears.  Because of this, she has to have either over the ear headphones or buds that have an over the ear harness.  I may replace the gels with a set of extra small for her as these only came with small, medium, and large.I don't know yet on the battery life, but the sound is good quality for the price, I tested with some pop music, didn't get a lot of bass, but the sound was clear, smooth, and not tinny.I will say these are super comfortable.  The material is soft and the ear harness is pleasant, not overly plasticy and rigid, but firm enough for support.  The fit was easy and insertion was a breeze.  Once in, they are very comfortable and lightweight.Only con I could think of on these was that they don't clip together when not in use, so you would just have to dangle them around your neck.  I would have liked some sort of magnetized addition so they don't just flop around all willy nilly."		
3	:	"If you like listening to music underwater than these are perfect! Honestly they sounds terrible out of the box and will require some equalizer tweaking to get them to have any highs. It seems like they were built with only bass in mind. Poor lows at that. They were less than $50 and the alternatives are poor sounding as well, even the Beats (even worse than these). Am I happy with the purchase? Sure am! Great for the gym! I'm not worried about destroying or losing my Bose or Sennheiser headphones. Not concerned about a cheap Bluetooth set."		
3	:	"EDIT: Good sound for the price point, especially the bass & stereo. The volume is very loud even on the lower setting, but some people like that. The biggest issue was the fit for me. I wore them for a few minutes and had to take them out because they hurt my ears too much. I ended up giving them to my brother rather than returning them and he really likes them. They fit him decent, so it might be if you have small ears the fit is bad. I'm giving another star since they ended up working for him.(CUSTOMER SERVICE DID CONTACT ME AND SEND ME THE NEWER MODEL BECAUSE OF MY REVIEW. I was pleasantly surprised that they reached out. The Mpow Cheetah they sent me works really well and doesn???t have the same issues with fitting my ears.)"		
5	:	"My husband complained about the sound cutting in an out, so I returned it and wrote a review saying I must have received a defective pair. Customer service reached out to me and sent me another pair to try out!!!!  Not only is MY SON impressed with these headphones, he loves the fact that they actually FIT!! He has smaller ears than most and has a hard time finding the right headphones, but he LOVES these!! I am extremely impressed with the customer service and quality of the headphones. These are definitely worth the price!!"		
5	:	"Edit*. Customer service contacted me about this product and offered a replacement with a new product. The new product fits good with great retention and good sound. Product support is very good. I also own a pir of MPOW Jaws which work great and I am very happy with them as well.I would not buy these again. The ear hooks are so flimsey, that they don???t provide any support for the ear buds. The ear buds have some sort if safety ring that prevents insertion into my ears. So, they flop about and fall out at the slightlest head movement. The neck cord/wire is stiff and not very pliable. It is a bit too long so it constantly catches on my collar, again causing the ear buds to fall off. I???m disappointed in this product."		
4	:	"I initially bought a pair of these headphones and liked them so much, I bought a second pair for when the battery died on one of them. The sound quality was decent. I mostly used them to listen to podcasts at work.The reason for the one star review is that after two weeks of using them everyday, they no longer will pair with my phone. I???m down to only one set now. We???ll see if the same thing happens with the other pair of headphones. I won???t be purchasing these headphones again. I recommend you explore other options before trying these.Update: The manufacturer reached out to me and sent me a new pair of headphones at no cost to me. I must say I???m impressed with their customer service. I???ve changed from a one star to a four star for this. Impeccable warranty from these guys."		
5	:	"They look better than they sound. Good thing I bought these as a back up. I hope I never have to wear them. The sound quality is quite inferior compared to the other brand I bought these to backup.The above was my initial review. I have since changed my 3 star review to a 5 star one. Their customer service is outstanding! After posting this review they contacted me to tell me they were sending me a more recent version of these headphones free of charge. They arrived today... and wow, wow, wow! They are amazing!!! Sound quality is better than the initial pair I had gotten these to backup!!! Needless to say I immediately bought a second pair a few minutes ago.  What an amazing improvement!! Clean, clear, crisp sound without that annoying rattling bass sound. Love them!!!"		
4	:	"Item comes with case, multiple ear pieces and cable to charge but not the actual charger. Works fine with the iPhone wall pieces. Would have given five stars If it had come with the wall piece and if the instruction booklet had a little more user friendly info on operation. Had to figure it out on my own mostly. Overall a good buy for the price. They are lightweight and work great. Pretty simple to power on and off and to pair with phone. Phone screen has icon for battery life of headphones which is convenient. Still learning what the buttons do. Fully charged battery lasted my entire 2 hour flight home and didn???t show any signs of draining. I can see this lasting a long time. Good deal."		
4	:	"I bought these buds in hopes that the ear loop would help them stay on my ears during physical activity. Unfortunately, every time I go out for a jog, or bend to pick up a weight, the buds jiggle loose, and ultimately end up coming out of my ear canal entirely. It's a shame, because I think the sound quality is great, love the quick-charge, and also loved the shade of green! Just wish the loop was wire that could be molded to my ear, rather than soft plastic. If you're not buying these for physical activity, then I would recommend. If you'll be running, etc., may want to choose a different pair...** Edit: the company sent a follow up email as well as a new pair of headphones that have hard plastic that wrap around the back of your head between earphones. Greatly appreciate the effort to give me the best possible customer experience. These will most likely stay on my head a little better during jogs! Amazing customer service regardless!"		
2	:	"As others have pointed out, these are not made for small ears. The rubbery piece that goes over the ear isn't adjustable and doesn't touch my ears at all. The piece that goes inside the ear is uncomfortable. If I change to smaller ear pieces then it just falls out of my ear completely since the rubber piece doesn't go around my ear and there's nothing holding it there. The design is awkward and sticks out pretty far from the ear as well. Can't recommend them for anybody with smaller than average ears."		
5	:	"At $24 these headphones were bought exclusively for intense workout sessions which last from 35-45 minutes per day 5 days a week. I am using the memory foam tips and they allow just enough outside noise to be heard in case something requires my attention. The sound quality after EQ adjustments are slightly muddy on the low end, but overall the audio is easily on par with a pair of Jaybirds. These headphones do not have aptX, but while I workout I do not need that function from these headphones; I have different pair of headphones with aptX meant for outside exercise usage. I am using this pair with an Android phone running Oreo 8.1 and all controls work perfectly with: Youtube, Play Music, Podcast Addict, Spotify, and VLC player. At the end of the day, these headphones are a solid product and at less than $30 they are an absolute steal."		
5	:	"I just recently purchased these headsets so this an initial review.1. With the right earpiece, the bass is excellent  10/102. Battery life is great,also with the right app you can get a Bluetooth battery widget that's fully compatible with this headset 10/103. Material is plastic so take that how you please 8/10Overall this is an excellent headset. Also get the 3 year warranty for 6.99. Just in case factor"		
3	:	"These are great headphones: the sound quality is very crisp and clear, and the bass is really full and powerful.Then why only three stars out of five? Because in my opinion these headphones fail at being good SPORT headphones, due to the very awkward command buttons, and specifically the way to change song. The headphones feature only three buttons, a large one to play and pause the music, a volume-up and volume-down.How do you change song, then?You keep the volume-up/volume-down pressed for about one second. And this is terrible.Having to keep the hand focused near your head, with the muscles slightly in tension to keep the button pressed for an entire second (or more, in case you want to skip more than one song) COMPLETELY disrupts the pace of your exercise. Go on, try it. Try to stay focused on your pace when you need to keep your hand in a precise spot for about one or more seconds. It's very, very bad. The two braces to keep the earpieces in place are merely cosmetic, I didn't find them particularly effective at keeping the pieces in place.And it's even worse if you are biking, because the time it takes to change one song (or more, remember!) is time in which you don't have both hands on the handlebar. Very bad design, a separate set of controls for skipping the music would have been better.All in all would not buy them again.UPDATE: I was contacted by a Patozon Representative, and was offered to try a newer model of headphones:https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07C83Q7QNThey work really well, and the customer support was very helpful."		
5	:	"Easy to set up and use but I was disappointed in how low and heavy everything sounds. I adjusted my device using an equalizer but it's still really deep sounding with too much bass. For the price I really can't complain though.**UPDATE**  8/8/2018After posting this review the company reached out to me and sent me another style of headset. They are far better sounding with great crisp highs, clear mids and great lows. They fold up easier and the stiffer material for the headband keeps them in place behind your head. I will be recommending these to others for sure. Follow the link below for the ones I am referring to.https://www.amazon.com/dp/B013U54BFG"		
2	:	The ear hook does not hug my ears. And it seems like you need abnormally large ears for them to fit correctly. The hook floats over my ears when I'm running and causes the buds to slip out during 4-5 mile run. It is extremely irritating having to readjust headphones when running. The sound quality is surprisingly good though.Edit 8/22/18Company sent me a replacement Bluetooth headphone called the MPOW Cheetah. These are much better than the flame and are more secure when running or exercising in the gym. These specific headphones I would rate 4/5 the battery is decent but once it gets low it reminds you nonstop until it dies or you put it on the charger. The volume buttons and skip forward/backward function are reversed. Just little issues but they are great overall with good sound quality and security.		
4	:	"Used twice so far for jogging. They work great and are easy to use and pair with. The only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is, sometimes the music cuts out sporadically. It doesn't happen very often, but it's enough to be annoying. I can work with it though. I really like taking calls on this - they come through really clear, and the people on the other line have no trouble hearing me. I will continue to use, and would probably buy again."		
5	:	"DAY 5 REVIEW: These are phenomenal and has super long range, I've not truly tested the battery life yet but no complaints. The main thing that I'm super happy about is that these can be on my 2nd floor and I can be in the basement and I can still hear without static or disconnection. I hope they last but so far I'm super happy and excited about this purchase, I bought the $1.xx square insurance because I've bought like 5 other brands that died and stopped working after 6 months to a year. So, I got plan B even if these don't last.So far, highly recommend, I'll update if they start being bad. haha."		
5	:	"I got these for less than $30 and they've been awesome. Easy to set up and use, they don't fall off your ears, they're comfortable, great sound, and the battery lasts forever.I've worn these running, working out, mowing the lawn, and even crawling around under the house and never thought once about keeping them on. The only complaint I have is that they're not terribly noise dampening, requiring nearly max volume when I'm using the lawnmower, but aside from that, these are great. If they ever break, I'll probably buy another pair."		
3	:	"Update: 11/8/2018 THANK YOU SO MUCH TO  THE SELLER they replaced my broken pair so I raised from 1 star to 3. Honestly I haven???t been using them because of the failure rate of the previous pair but I???ll give these a shot for about 2 weeks and repost another update then.Bought September 25,2018 I had these headphones for about a week or so and all of a sudden they just stopped working. I purchased a replacement plan with them but I ended up returning the headphones and getting a refund for the replacement plan. I don???t want something that brakes that quick!"		
5	:	"I have only had these headphones a week and I can with all honesty say I absolutely love these.I don't believe anything is perfect, there is always room for improvement.I gave this product an overall 5-star rating and here's why.Packaging: The packaging is very nice and you even get a little carrying pouch that holds the headphones and interchangable earbuds. It comes with a total of 4 earbud pairs to fit different sizes. I personally use the foam ones.Comfort: These are surprisingly comfortable. When I'm working away with these on I forget I'm wearing them and I have fallen asleep with them on.Design: Overall I really like the design. Mine are blue and grey and I wish I would have seen the Tiffany Blue ones before these because that is my favorite color. I love these regardless though.Material Quality: These feel durable and not like fake plastic. The top piece that goes over the top of the ear is actually soft and realitivly flexible.Sound Quality: This is possibly the best sound quality you can get with earbuds for the price. You can comfortably listen to music or what have you and still be aware of your surroundings. I am discovering sounds and instruments in songs I haven't heard before.Battery life: I use these while I am working my desk job. 8 hours straight 5 days a week. After a days shift 3/4ths of the battery is still charged.As I've stated above no product is perfect so I will list a few things that in my opinion could use some improvement.Microphone placement: You have to have the right ear piece off if you're going to be using the microphone. It's located on the inner side of the right ear piece. I personally find the placement annoying if I need to make any calls but it is still doable.Intruction Booklet: I had an easier time figuring out how to use the controls by just messing with the headphones rather than reading the actual instructions. It's mainly just pictures with labels.The Cord: I'm aware this is a necessity however if it were a tad more flexible it would be more convenient for me.In conclusion for the price I paid, $20.99, this is almost a steal. I am very satisfied with this product and when these go out, (because no headphones last forever) I will definitely get another pair."		
4	:	Very easy to pair. These ear buds are very comfortable. They stayed on well. The noise blocking worked well. I wore them while pressure washing and barely noticed the pressure washer running. I would have given it 5 stars but the bass is not as great as they claim. I noticed most of my bassy songs sounded a bit tinny. TBH though I was so happy with how well they worked and felt that part didn't bother me so much. And plus they are water resistant! Oh and I used them 4 hours and they didn't go dead.  I would recommend these very affordable Bluetooth earbuds. Great product!		
5	:	"I purchased these mainly for the price.  I needed a new pair for when I work out and didn't want to spend too much.  I also have a pair of Mpow over the ear headphones for computer listening so I was familiar with the brand.I am happy overall with these.The sound is pretty clear and full, not bass or treble heavy.They are light weight and I never really 'feel' them while working out.I did (7) hour plus work outs before recharging and I probably could have gotten one more.  I would say the 7-9 hour play time between charges is accurate.These are very fast pairing.  From the time I first push the power button to paired and ready to go is about 7 seconds.I have never found an ear bud style of headphone that has fit totally securely in my right ear.  Not sure why but the left ear fits snuggly but the right always feels 'loose'.  These are no exception.  Even with the largest supplied buds the right ear doesn't feel at tight fitting as I would like.This is not necessarily the ear buds fault but it would be nice if they had included one more larger size replacement bud.With that being said I have not had these fall out during a work out.Overall I would say the Mpow Flame Bluetooth Headphones are an excellent value for the money.  Give them a try."		
4	:	"This is literally the fourth pair of bluetooth headphones I have purchased in the past year. The first one I loved, but it wore out. The next two were literally pieces of garbage. I decided to take a chance and order this version from Amazon. After a couple of months, I am still pretty happy with them. They are sturdy and have pretty good sound quality. The only problem I have had is them interfering when I use a streaming service. If I have them hooked up, programs still play, but there is some interference in the description section. This does not happen every time and wonder if it may just be my Wi-Fi connection. These headphones are easy to use and I do recommend them. Most especially for people not wanting to spend a lot of money and obtain a quality product."		
1	:	"Update: MPOW provided me with their Cheetah model bluetooth headset, and it is terrific. Good quality sound at the price point, works well even at a distance, comfortable and no issues while running.Update: Second pair is also garbage. They're going back. These are useless for cardio workouts.I have worn these twice: once to jog with my dogs and once for a hilly 3 mile walk. They cut out with nearly every step; thank Goodness I had my usual corded pair of Skullcandy in my pocket. I tried to wear them in the house to do chores, but even without sneakers on they herked and jerked. I will be exchanging them in hopes that I just got a bad pair."		
4	:	"Simple and effective.Pros -- I'm no audiophile, but to me the sound quality is excellent. These are noticeably better than any other headphones I have.- The case is extremely helpful. It keeps the cords from getting tangled up or them from getting smashed.- Price is excellent.- Never had an issue with battery life. I can confirm that they can go for at least 3 hours (probably more) listening to loud music without issues.Cons -- When I'm running I can hear something clicking/rattling in them. It's not enough to not make me want to take them off or buy new ones, but it can be a little frustrating.Summary - Perfect for day-to-day use, making phone calls, and lifting weights in the gym."		
4	:	"UPDATE: I was contacted very quickly by the seller to fix this issue. I got another set from them, and the new set works MUCH better. The sound is much louder, and the battery lasts my whole shift (8-9 hours) with music playing through. If I let them idle then they easily last me by the time I get home.I guess the first one I got was buggy, but the second works great :) thanks again to Patozon for being so quick to respond and fix this issue.OLD: I use these throughout my entire work shift. They have yet to last an entire shift. And they usually spend half the shift idling, so it's not continuous play time.They last about 3 hours of continuous play time, 4 on low volume. So they're dying well before my shift ends.So much for 7-9 hours.They're comfortable, but the sound is kind of low, which makes me need to turn the volume up. Which doesn't help with the battery life.Really disappointing, overall."		
1	:	"I haven't put these through any tests regarding build quality or battery life, but when I first got them I played some songs to see how they sounded..  and they sound like crap, to be frank.  There's very little high end / treble.  The mid-bass and bass frequencies are waaaay too heavy.  Some may like that sort of sound, but not me.  I also think it's a common marketing tactic to emphasize the low tones (or damped the high tones) to give the impression that the speaker is ""high end"" or ""heavy duty"".  Don't be fooled - it's just poor equalization."		
4	:	"I like them for the most part, they stay on my ears which I sometimes have a problem with.  The 2 things that took away a star is 1) the volume:  when you go to turn up the volume too high, it does a loud, ear-piercing ""beep"" in your ear to let you know you have to say ""okay"" to the louder volume on your phone.  Seems kind of counter-intuitive to hurt the wearer's ears to let them know they've reached the volume limit 2)  They give you about 2 minutes of ""low-battery"" warning before they die. A warning at 15 minutes, 10 minutes and 5 minutes would be nice.  I have a 15-minute commute in the morning and evening, I could have them charged if I knew they were only going to last 2 minutes in the morning"		
5	:	"I was having trouble with my iphone headphone adapter. Thought I'd give this brand a try. I fell in love with the Tiffany Blue ones. They come with a neat little travel case that has extra buds. They're super sound proof. I can hear clearly so when I'm on the phone I can hear the other person crystal clear. The other person on the phone can also hear you very clearly. For $20, it's a good buy. Only thing I don't like is that you can't adjust the headsets. Other than that, they're my favorite pair."		
4	:	"I bought these headphones six months ago for running. I had no complaints about them; actually I've been extremely satisfied with the usability (paired with Galaxy s8+ and s9+ and Gear Fit watch without issue), the sound quality was great with good bass and mids, as well the battery life has been very satisfactory. They even look nice. But best of all, they were perfect for running as the little arms kept them comfortably in my ears, but also allowed me to pull a bud out when I need to hear, and continue to run without the bud bouncing around. I wear these over my Jaybirds that cost 6x as much!!Unfortunately, they died over the weekend while I was hiking, and are now completely unresponsive... I mean, I know these were inexpensive headphones, but I'd hoped they'd at least make it through a year.All-in-all, I guess I got what I paid for. Had I gotten a year out of them, I'd have probably bought another pair. As it is, I'll probably roll the dice on something similar with hopes for better longevity.UPDATED 11/15/18 - After posting this review, the seller reached out and sent me an additional pair at no cost. Having had a chance to receive them and go for a run, I can report that the replacements are in good working order. What's more, they've added additional ear tips, as well as a new little clip for holding the excess cord in the back (no more twisty-ties!). Adding two additional stars for the positive experience! Would have gone up to 5 stars considering the solid audio and wearability for the price, but this relatively minor inconvenience sets the ceiling at 4."		
5	:	I actually didn???t like these headphones very much because of the size. The sound was great but I didn???t like the look or feel. Before you buy these headphones I would suggest talking to their customer service. They were great. They helped me find a pair of their headphones that still sounded amazing but had a much sleeker design.Now if the size does not bother you then these headphones are perfect. The sound quality is amazing and the battery life is awesome. Not to mention the case it came in was SUPER cool.		
5	:	"I really wanted to like these but they are extremely large for my ears (and my ears are average sized). All other features are great, including the sound, button functions, color etc, but they just dont fit well.Edit: The company reached out to me after my review about the Flames being too large for my ears and sent me a pair of Cheetahs, which fit my ears and head so much better. The sound is also much better in the Cheetahs as well! Great customer service."		
5	:	"Update 2: I have been using the replacement I received in the exactly same way as before. Not only it has been working well, but I noticed that it is much easier to connect the new one via Bluetooth unlike the original one, which I had to try several times. After all, I have to  say that the original one must have come from a defective batch.Update 1: I changed the rating from one star to three stars for the customer service. I just received a replacement product from Patozon Amazon store (I didn't ask for this). I'll update the rating depending on how the replacement will do.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------It stopped working suddenly after 1-1/2 months - It had been working great while running. I didn't have to recharge more than once a week. Then, it stopped working suddenly in the middle of running after 1-1/2 months later. First I thought I needed to recharge. I connected to the charger, but the light didn't come on. I tried to turn on, the light didn't brink at all. Sadly it is dead."		
2	:	"The ring that goes around your ear does not hug my ears, therefore is kind of useless and gets in the way. It is not adjustable in relation to the ear pieces, the purpose of having them there is defeated, at least for me, I have relatively average sized ears for a woman. As you can tell, from my picture the arch goes much higher than my ear. It had pretty good sound quality but the ear bud was difficult to situate in my ear in such a way that the music would not be muffled. I always need to use the smallest ear bud size, for reference. I would not reccomend and would not purchase again"		
4	:	"For only about $20 for a BT headphone these are AMAZING!!!! They fit and feel great. The sound is better than I expected at this price point. For a comparison, IMO, they sound about where my headphones are that came with my Samsung Note 8, those being AKG, which you can get NEW here @ Amazon for about $12. But for $20 and to now have an option to go BT, for me is FANTASTIC. Theses shouldn't be able to keep up with more expensive name brand, but they WILL hold thier own in ALL aspects (build quality, sound) when you consider the price.IMO, being that these are paired to my phone there is NO need to look elsewhere. Especially to pay more just for a Major name brand.Can't speak to the battery claim as I just got them. But if i don't get at least 4 -6 hours in the next few days i will update. Otherwise you can consider these a ""HOUSTON WE HAVE A GO"" to get these."		
5	:	"I've tried many different types of Bluetooth headphones.  Almost all fall off or move around when I'm running so I can't use them.  These headphones stay in place as long as the cord dangles below my chin.  The battery in these headphones is fine, but it goes from ""battery low"" to dead battery very quick.  The visual battery power bar isn't great either.  It goes from 70% to dead battery fast too.  Sound quality is acceptable.  I've had problems with several Bluetooth headphones not being loud enough to hear if there's background noise.  Volume level is good on these headphones.  I can always hear the music/audiobook if I put the volume on full with these headphones.  Until I find something better, I'll continue to buy these headphones.  These seem to last about 3 or 4 months for me until sweat causes them to malfunction."		
2	:	"Sound quality is good for what you pay. I would not recommend these for an avid runner or anyone that sweats a lot. The biggest downfall for these headphones are that the coating material (while comfortable) sticks to your skin and pulls the headphone out any time you turn your head to look for traffic. The ear loop is not nearly rigid enough to hold the ear piece in place. Before any one responds I have tried all the ear inserts that came with the headset as well. I am giving them 3 stars because the sound quality is good but i've had cheaper headphones that worked better for the intended purpose. Color selection was appealing.  Very disappointed overall***I am updating the product to 4 stars  because the seller contact me after my review and asked me to try another set of headphones, mpow cheetah. They were much better than the flames for running and working out. The star upgrade is for customer service even though I do not care for these head phones!** After using the Mpow Cheetah replacement for a few months they no longer turn on or charge. This happened at random. Find a different brand for the price. Downgraded to two stars :-( *"		
1	:	"Let's just say, uhhuh.  Sound quality is ok.  Battery life is ok.  The ear buds themselves wont stay in ear (I use them to cut the grass)  Tried all the different sizes no success.  The bluetooth signal is terrible.  If you turn your head it cuts out.  If the range is 5 ft that's an overstatement.  I guess you get what you pay for....Seller sent me a different pair.  The Cheetah model.  Night and day difference.  Don't waste your time with Flame just buy the Cheetah from the start."		
5	:	I cannot overstate my disappointment in this product. I purchased these headphones to pair with my Apple Watch Series 2. I intended to use them for running. The first time I used them I had intermittent bluetooth connectivity loss. I could only maintain the connection if I held my watch within 6 inches of the headphones. If my wrist fell to waist level I lost the connection completely. At chest level I had intermittent connection. Most people do not run holding their wrist against the side of their head. This product had many positive reviews so its possible I received a defective unit. Regardless I am returning for a full refund. I would encourage others to look elsewhere for reliable bluetooth headphones.As a follow up to my previous review: I contacted the seller directly. They sent me a new pair which I have been using without difficulty. I suspect first pair was just a dud. So far so good on the replacement.		
3	:	"These are OK.  Don't fit my ears very well so will likely return.  For the price, I probably would have kept if they fit better, but if I try to do anything other than run and use these during a workout, they fall right off.EDIT---- Let me just say that this company's customer service is outstanding.  After my review above, they sent another set of headphones they thought would suit my needs better (the wireless sport headphones).  I haven't tried them yet, but upon first trying them on, I think that they will work much better for me than the Mpow flame headphones I initially reviewed.  If you are on the fence, I would give them a try.  If they don't work for you, this company will go above and beyond to find something that fits your needs. I was very impressed with the service received.----"		
4	:	I have a great pair of headphones when I want to just listen to music or need noise canceling. I use these at work and when using public transportation. There are better sounding earbuds and there are cheaper earbuds but these are very good at the price. Earbuds are so small that the chance of misplacing them is high and I don't want to panic because I can't find them. All in all these are a very good value.		
4	:	"I???ve had this product for about 1 month. The quality is good for the price although they are a bit bulky for my ears (I???m a 5???4??? female). They stay in just fine with the small ear piece or foam while I work out or I???m driving. It took some getting used to to make a phone call using the manual way, but not a big deal for me. You can still answer hands free.I like hard music for my workout and the sound did not disappoint."		
3	:	"Update: I received a message from Mpow Customer Service concerned about my review.  The rep apologized for my dissatisfaction and offered to send me the newest version of the headphones. This was completely unexpected and much appreciated. Hopefully this set will do the trick.  (Changed review rating from 2 stars to 3 stars)Sound quality is okay.  Not exceptional, but decent.  I find the materials cheap-feeling, very plastic-y, and I wonder about the durability for the long haul.  The headphones are not really comfortable to wear, either, which is my main disappointment.  Another thing I was surprised about is the range of the bluetooth.  I have used these several times when working in the yard, and if I get more than 8-10 feet away from my phone the audio cuts out.  Good battery life so far, though.  Overall, not impressed.  I guess I got what I paid for."		
4	:	"After borrowing a friend's PowerBeats for a run, I thought I was ruined forever and would end up spending a fortune on a pair of my own.  Super glad I tried these first!  Of course, I wasn't able to compare them side by side and only going from memory of what the others sounded like, but the sound quality on this set is quite good! Only used a couple times so far, so I can't speak for battery life much, except so far so good. Paired automatically w my phone/bluetooth on the second usage. The ear hook piece is really soft (almost floppy) and not adjustable but so far it seems to be sufficient for holding in place while running, especially with snug fitting earbud tips. I like that the headset tells you audibly ""power off"" so  you know you got them shut off and saving the battery.  The included clamshell case is ideal; just only comes in the black and red, no big deal of course, just good to know."		
3	:	"----------------UPDATE Oct. 2018:  To their credit, the company reached out to me and provided a new model, which is working well.  So far so good.  I am updating my rating to three stars for the quick and responsive customer service, and will monitor how"		
5	:	"Don???t buy these blue one! The red ones are much better! Although (you would think) the only difference would be the color, the blue ones do not get anywhere NEARLY as loud as the red ones. Also, on the red ones, the +/- button on top of the right ear piece allows you to adjust the audio volume, but the blue ones won???t do that. It only changes your music to the previous or next song. (I guess it???s a personal preference in what feature is most important to you though.)The only reason I bought the blue ones is because I lost my red ones that I ordered first, and replaced them (thinking I was just getting a different color the second time). Thank goodness I eventually found my red ones!-------------------------------------------------Update to my original review:After seeing that I was not satisfied with the blue pair, this seller sent me a replacement red pair free of charge and unsolicited! Great customer service! Thanks for keeping the satisfaction of your customers top priority!I've changed my original rating of 2 stars to 5 stars, but the rating is for the customer service and not the blue headphones. (I still rate the blue ones  2-stars. The red ones are 5-star)"		
3	:	"I'm not very happy with these headphones, but they work fine considering they're cheap. There's hardly any bass and the battery life is extremely short. I find myself charging them almost every day. I've bought similar headphones for about the same price before and they worked much better than these do."		
5	:	"Bought these for training for a half marathon.  They work great, and I love that there are three different attachments for the ear buds so you can find the one that works best with your ear size.  The wire is starting to be exposed behind one of the ear pieces, but other than that I am very happy with this purchase and will hopefully be using these to train for another half marathon soon!"		
4	:	"Below is my original review but since they sent me a newer version I am reviewing because they won???t stop emailing me. The newer product version (cheetah) is more comfortable, sleeker, and is easily controllable for incoming and outgoing calls.My only issue is the constant spamming of emails asking for reviews so be aware of that before purchasing one of these productsThe headphones sound great though the shape hurts my ears a little. Also, you can not use these when making an outgoing call. It receives calls just fine but you can???t use them to make a call. I like to keep my headphones in all day at work so I can make a receive calls while also listening to music but I guess I won???t be using these to do that."		
5	:	"Bought them for my husband who works outdoors with heavy machinery. He reports that they are still comfortable, don't fall off easily, have good audio, reaches fairly far on Bluetooth, and the battery lasts him anywhere from 8-12 hours. He says occasionally it will give a short burst of static, but it sounds more like a short in wiring than radiostatic and it only happens while his phone is specifically in his left pocket and it only last a split second. He still loves them regardless and with his review I would definitely buy again."		
5	:	"These pair didn't fit the ears of the person I bought these for so I had to send them back. They sounded ok from what I heard, just a bad fit. I was surprised that Mpow reached out to me and sent out a different pair of earbuds after seeing my review. The new Mpow Cheetah earbuds fit perfectly for the person I was trying to get earbuds for. She says they fit fine without falling out of their ears and sounds great. Mpow has great customer service. I will definitely be buying from them again in the future, because I know they will treat me well as a customer."		
3	:	"They didn???t fit me with the original ear buds, but once I switched to the black foam ones they fit much better. I use these for just listening to music and for when I workout. For my workouts I do mainly weightlifting and had no problems with them while doing that. I like to warm up with a 5 minute jog on the treadmill and they refused to stay put in my ears which was a bit annoying. They only didn???t fall out completely because of the ear hooks, but as my jog is just 5 minutes I don???t really mind it. I???ve tried many earphones before and the only ones that actually fit comfortably for my ears are the ones made by Apple but those are expensive so I???m okay with this. I also think my ears are a bit small so that probably doesn???t help them stay on me. I would recommend these but maybe not for running if you have small ears like me."		
2	:	"These are terrible. I know people who use them and love them, but I found them useless. The band around the ear is unnecessary and flops around, the buds don't stay in the ears, and the cord gets in the way of hair and jackets. Usually the MPow series are a good, cheap, alternative to the more expensive sports headphones (tried Jaybird lord those are awful) but in this case, these did not work for me AT ALL."		
5	:	"These are great Bluetooth earbuds. I pair them with:Avantree Oasis 164ft LONG RANGE Bluetooth Transmitter and Receiver for TV, aptX Low Latency, Optical RCA 3.5mm Audio, VOICE & DISPLAY, BYPASS for TV Speakers [3-Year Warranty]so that I can watch TV and listen to my stereo without disturbing anyone.  I can go through out my home, both first and second floor with no connection loss!"		
5	:	"i wear glasses and sometimes these type of head phones have given me trouble with my glasses, but these are comfortable , they have really good battery life and charge relatively quickly, waterproof for it wont stop working in the rain, reason i got a second pair is because my dog broke the first pair. I love this and sincerely recommend it. ive only used it with android phones."		
2	:	"Within 1 week, the audio in the left ear became 10-20% of the volume of the right.  It makes this a one ear device and makes everything sound odd or if it's people talking like on a podcast, hard to hear.  The quality of Bluetooth headsets is just so bad right now in general.  I have returned 9/10 different models that I've tried for running and general use, all for not working quickly after receiving or being unusable.Edit: the vendor reached out to me and sent me a replacement after seeing this review, I've yet to use it but it was a kind gesture."		
5	:	"** Just got the new headphones yesterday and went for a run. They worked fine! I'm happy with them, and really appreciate the great customer service! Five stars :)*Edit:After posting the below review with one star, the company contacted me and offered  a replacement. I haven't received it yet but I will be happy if the replacement works. Two stars for customer service*First using it I synced it to my device and started for a long run.  It started out fine but within seconds the audio was skipping so basically I turned around after the first mile and had to go get my old crappy ear buds which worked WAY better than these"		
3	:	"I bought these after my $200 Beats ones went on the fritz.  These are decent headphones for the price - sound quality is what you'd expect when you spend this amount of money.  My main gripe is battery length - i guess I shouldn't complain given the price, but I need headphones that will survive a marathon (which these don't, at least not at the pace I'm running)."		
2	:	"When they're settled, the sound is great but the over the ear loop is extremely large so it's sloppy even know my husband who uses the Xtra large bud. It doesn't connect to my phone for phone calls unless I go into the speaker menu and connect it Everytime. It makes for some awkward silences. They stick out pretty far from your head so they're no asthetically pleasing in the slightest but people WILL know you have headphones on from 20 yards ???? so there's that."		
5	:	These are by far the best headphones I've bought and it still blows my mind how cheap they are. My mom borrowed them for a day and loved them so much I bought her a pair too. I have a daith piercing and have trouble with most headphones fitting in my ear right without being uncomfortable. But these don't bother it at all and still have great sound. Certainly recommend.		
4	:	"I reviewed too many bluetooth headphones I could use for running, gym and walks and decided Mpow was the one to buy. So glad I did..they are as good as their best reviews. I had some trouble with the ear piece attachments (they take some work to attach) and charging and pairing instructions so I went to utube to help me. Mpows website video instruction were useless. Once I figured out pairing requires full charge and paired only when disconnected to the cord to charge with, I finally paired them and all is smooth."		
4	:	"Ordered these and April and they will no longer hold a charge. They saw very low to moderate use*EDIT*Customer service sent me a replacement. I will update once I use the new set they sent me. Good customer services, upgraded from 1 to 4 stars based on them reaching out to replace a defective product. Thanks."		
5	:	"Theses headphones surprised me, I have always been an audiophile and can not listen to music through bad mediums. I listen to music out of these headphones almost every day. The sound quality is phenomenal and they fit great on my ear, I have really small ears and have always revived snide remarks from their petit nature. These headphones are a must have for 20 dollars, however they are not perfect. The battery life sucks, it???s a complete joke. I get maybe 2-3 hours of listing from the headphones at full charge. And the size of the headphones is annoying. I had hoped to be able to wear these to sleep. That is simply not possible unless you sleep face up. I wish that they could have made the body surrounding the speakers less intrusive but I understand what I???m getting for 20 dollars."		
5	:	"These earbuds worked great for me, especially when I do exercises. They fit comfortably in my ears and I don???t have to worry about them falling off. The Bluetooth does connect really fast as stated and they charge pretty quickly too, about an hour at least for full charge.They last a whole day and I like that they come in a little case instead of just a bag. Also cool thing is that on my iPhone, it shows the battery life of my earbuds (see images). The earbuds are a bit on bulky side, but it did it???s job and that???s what I like about. Especially for the price you get."		
5	:	Used at night when watching TV...I liked them so much i've bought 5...whenever one goes out i just set it aside till the next day to put on charger...then turn on the second one...i have them paired to a MEE devise that can handle 2 bluetooth headsets at the same time... they connect to this bluetooth transmitter instantly just by turning them on...they have a descent bass sound also ...the others i give as inexpensive gifts just because they are that good...HIGHLY RECOMMEND		
4	:	"Great pair of head phones! Easy to connect, great battery life, and comfortable(w/ marshmallow tips)My only issue with them is that the bass is wayyyyy too much for me. Some might find that to be a good thing but I personally find it to be a bit excessive/annoying. I essentially have to set a custom eq for these headphones that cut out a lot of the extra/unnecessary bass that come stock in the headphones. After the new eq is set you will hear a dramatic difference in quality. That being said I honestly really enjoy these headphones and for the price point it???s a really good deal. Hope this helps!"		
3	:	"Other reviewers are correct: the ear hook does nothing, it's mostly decorative. Probably ok for around the house but not for workouts like the marketing says. Sound quality was just alright. Bass sounded almost muffled, like listening through a cloth. Color is far brighter and matte than what is shown in the photo, looks cheaper. Sound is also way too loud on these. The lowest setting is still far too loud. Had to download a 3rd party app to lower the volume."		
5	:	"I'd like to personally crown myself as the queen of dupes, and this little gem right here gives me life. Not only was this incredibly well priced it works just as well as the ""higher quality"" brands. When connected during a call I can hear clearly what is being said and they come through clear on my end as well. But my main priority was to use them during a workout, they are epic! They stay put and they are super easy to clean off when you sweat. They have not had any damage to them from sweat or even accidental spills. Still going strong after hundreds of use, very VERY pleased."		
1	:	"Bought 2 pair on June 26th, both are in the trash on July 18th.  The first pair worked for awhile, but then started making a hissing sound when charging on a normal USB charger.  When I picked them up, they smell like burning electronics.  I didn't want a fire in my ear so I threw them away and started using the second pair.  Today those are dead and won't take charge.Be warned, in my experience these have issues with the batteries or charging."		
3	:	"These have been wonderful!  Had them for a month now with no problems.  Only time blue tooth has problems is when I'm more than 100 yards away or multiple walls in between.  I can be anywhere in my house with my phone far away and still no skips!  Great buy!Update: well,  spoke too soon.  These were great,  but not waterproof like ad suggests.  They crapped out on me about a week ago.  In all fairness, I used them to work out. I always run for ten min before doing my weight work.  I am just a heavy heavy sweater when I work out, which I do believe is what killed the buds.  I am changing the stars from 5 to 3 since they techniquely are water resistant not waterproof.  I still feel they are a good buy but don't wear them if you sweat a lot."		
5	:	"Really, I'd prefer a 4.5 option, but these have been the best alternative headphones I've owned in a long time. Comfortable, good sound. They aren't terribly expensive, but they come with their own pouch and charging cable. I bought them for my walks and jogging, but I've found myself using them while mowing, and they are now my first grab for my backpack, especially if I plan to go to a coffee house or something."		
5	:	"What I love most about these headphones is they don't fall out. That was one of my biggest concerns, but due to the smart design they don't fall out of your ears and they do a great job with not allowing a lot of sound to come in. I went on a run with them and got really sweaty and despite the large amount of water (i.e, sweat) they held up and did great! Good product. I am still getting used to the buttons and you have to be careful because I accidentally called someone when I hit the wrong button, but it has great features and a sturdy design."		
1	:	"I was super excited to get these for work/home/gym and got these as an early birthday gift to myself... I am extremely disappointed as they don???t fit my ears at all... the C barely touches any part of my ear and my ears are not that small! I would not recommend these, they fall off easily and are hard to get to stay on in the first place and since they don???t fit the sound is terrible.. I???ve tried all the ear tips as well and this didn???t help fit or sound. Unfortunately, I was expecting to like these and didn???t look at the return policy which costs $5.99 so I can???t even exchange them without taking a financial loss on top of a loss of my time."		
5	:	These headphones have worked perfectly for me after several high-impact workout sessions.  I charge them every 3 days or so but it doesn't take long to charge and lasts a good 4-5 hours of use of multiple days.  Never had an issue with the bluetooth range to my phone in the gym.  High recommend these for the price.		
5	:	Love these. I utilize them at work every day to drown out the noise. They are easy to use and made  of quality material. My charging cord broke about a week or two after receiving and I emailed the seller and they had a new one sent to me in a day or two. Great customer service!  Would highly recommend for an economically minded individual needing a wireless  speaker  system and don't want to break the bank!		
1	:	"Most frustrating and overall the second worst pair of headphones I???ve ever purchased. The sound quality is like the apartment next door is playing really loud music late at night, so you put earplugs in but you can still hear it coming through the walls.The battery life might be fine but honestly I have no idea because I could barely ever connect them to my phone. I swear to god the Bluetooth on these headphones is sustained by a cage of hamsters and a running wheel. Sometimes one will go for hours and hours without getting bored, but most of the time they take turns standing on it looking like they???re gonna start running and then be like ???psych! I want sunflower seeds.???"		
5	:	"Favorite pair of Bluetooth headphones I???ve ever owned. They???re cheaper than a lot of other ones. The sound quality is really good, nice deep bass.  Battery life is excellent, and they stay in place without an issue while running.I haven???t used them to talk so I don???t know how the microphone works."		
5	:	"Fits great on my ears, sound quality is pretty good and it's very easy to pair with my iPhone 6S Plus. However, there's this weird pause that happens from time to time. I think it's a bug in the software that tries to retain the connection with your device. It might just be my pair, but unfortunately, I'm going to have to return this.Edit: Patozon reached out to me and have sent me a new pair. Will update my review once I have received them.**update: I got my replacements and so far they seem to be working great! Really happy about their fast service! Thank you!"		
4	:	"These are great for the overall use - they keep a good charge and work as expected. My only complaint is that they don't adjust as much as I would like to fit the ear when I run. The ear piece is changeable to try and fit your inner year, but I wish you could clamp the hinges tighter to your ear so it would stay in place better."		
5	:	"Super happy with them. I don't write reviews until I have had the product long enough to judge it. I've had these a couple months now. Hold a charge well, several hours, I only charge every couple of days. Sound is pretty good. Ear fit is alright, wraps are not real rigid, but I don't mind. I'm happy with my purchase. If you're just looking for a decent set that gets the job done, I recommend these."		
4	:	"I wish the ear hooks were slightly tighter and less flexible, but they do the job. Great by themselves but when I wear my sun glasses adjustment is needed here and there. So nice to be able to keep my phone in my leggings pocket while running instead of holding it for headphones to reach. Perfect for the price!!!"		
2	:	"Way too much base! If you like rap music, you'll love these. I'm into rock and country and the base just drowns out the rest of the music. I'll be re-gifting these.UPDATE!! I was contacted by the manufacturer, and was sent a replacement model, which in it of itself, was above and beyond, and much appreciated. So this review is the least I can do. So let me start by saying the sound was great! It was clear, great mids, and the bass was just right. The fit was nice and snug around the back of my head, ( no loose, or long wires, due to its springy material, that also allows it to be curled up, and easily placed inside a pocket) However, the aforementioned springy quality, also means that they won't quite plug into your ears, without allowing outside sounds to be heard."		
2	:	I was really looking forward to getting these. At first they seemed to be good enough for my work outs but after the second time they started making a strange muffled sound during my work out!! It really just through me off and i had to take them out cause it was driving me crazy. I changed out the ear piece but that didn't solve the problem. I dont think these head phones are sweat proof. They started to sound muffled and weird after I started sweating. Im not an expert but I think thats the problem. Just over all disappointed. They look nice tho		
5	:	"I'm a house cleaner.  I'm in and out of areas with water, pretty much you name it.  I love the sport design.  It stays on my ears comfortably all day.  Most headphones hurt after a few hours.  And the battery lasts for at least 8 hours.  I use these everyday!  Good quality sound as well!"		
5	:	"I use these at work in a bar kitchen. Mostly listening to sitcoms on a streaming service Theyre loud enough to overcome the exhaust fans and frier. Sound is crisp and clear. Bass is a little heavy, but not distorting. They alao have noise canceling earpieces, but the default ones work just about the same. Usually wearing one in and one hanging on ear. Still loud enough to hear the hanging one too. These outprefor.ed my expectations."		
3	:	"I just got the headphones yesterday. The sound is pretty decent though they keep coming out of my ears. I have some pretty funky ears, but this is the first pair of headphones I've had this much trouble with. They would stay in for about 5 min, then start coming out. I tried the other ear pieces, but to no avail. I didn't get the foam pads (don't know if they would have solved the problem). The battery lasted all day at work, which is what I got them for."		
4	:	Very easy to pair with any bluetooth device. Very comfortable wearing them. If you are looking for an inexpensive wireless headset than the Mpow is an excellent choice. If you are looking for sound quality that compares to Bose or Beats then you need to buy a Bose or a Beats.		
3	:	"The sound quality is great, comfortable, and ergonomic design that's great for working out or playing sports. Sadly this is all over-shadowed by the fact that the left ear buzzes and if i have the volume low the buzzing is louder than the music/sound.UPDATE: The company sent me another pair in regards to my previous review, and the sound is better but this one repeatedly disconnects from bluetooth :(i really want to like this product, so i'm very upset by this. But as I previously stated, the sound quality/fit are really good. I will change my rating from 2 stars to 3 due to great customer service."		
3	:	I've literally had them a week.  The sound is great.  The battery life is good considering how small and compact it would be.  The ear piece hurts my ear.  Not the bud part but the ear piece behind it is big so if you have a small ear don't purchase these.  On a side note they don't always  charge even using the cord it comes with.  The right side snaps crackles and pops.  Not sure if that is why they don't charge and has a short in them.  Going to reach out to seller and see what they can do for me.		
5	:	"I've been extremely happy with these. My previous pair broke after a year. These are nicer, hold a charge longer and connect much more easily to my phone. I do wish the cord was grey and the little travel case matched the color of the headphones (the case is red and black) but that's not really relevant to the functionality of the headphones themselves."		
5	:	"So far, so good with these wireless headphones.  The sound is great and they are very comfortable in my ears.  I don't know about battery life yet because I have only had them a week.  Only charged them once so far.  I have started to learn with wireless headphones that their life expectancy is quite short.  I am lucky to get a year out of them.  I use them 5 days a week while running, so I use them quite a bit.  This is the first time I have purchased this brand, so hopefully these will last longer then other brands I have purchased.  I would definitely recommend this product."		
5	:	"I've owned these for about 9 months now, and use them mainly for the gym and mountain biking. I haven't had any sound quality problems and they have worked fine for me. I use them consistently 3-4 times a week and they are exposed to sweat and the sauna. No issues with crackling sound and they connect quickly and automatically every time. Battery life is great and they have been durable with no signs of giving out on me anytime soon. I'll definitely get these again when i do need new bluetooth headphones. Can't beat the price!"		
3	:	I bought these because my previous headphones (Treblab XR500's) left ear went out after 2-3 years of usage. Wanting to try something new I bought these. The initial thought was that it felt more cheaply made than my previous set but I still gave them a try for about a week. One week was enough to decide they just weren't for me. They hurt my ears after very short usage and no ear piece seemed to fit for my ears. I am returning and going back to Treblab XR500's and I would consider going elsewhere for wireless headsets around the same price range.		
5	:	"Fantastic. Got these for working in a rather noisy kitchen environment, and even with just one earbud in, it sounds great, bass is super clear, and the battery life lasts more than long enough to make it through the night. Build quality is pretty good, but my only concern is the charge-port flap, which is a little weak (small silicon hinge basically), but that's pretty much my only negative point here. If you want wireless earbuds, these are more than worth a shot.The included case is also pretty good. No complaints."		
5	:	The headphones are amazing. They are reliable when it comes to phone conversations whether it be me hearing the other person and them hearing me perfectly. I love that. I can be a pretty far distance from my phone and still have a connection. The quality of the sound when I play my music is excellent and also they are most comfortable.		
5	:	"These are huge and DO NOT FIT WELL AT ALL!!!UPDATE: was 2 star review, but not anymore..they sent me a replacement(see pic) and they are phenomenal! Fit so well and stay on/stay put unbelievable great! Thank you so much for the new pair! I'm in love!"		
5	:	"Second purchase, just as pleased. I ordered the first pair for myself. Great for ""in the zone"" workouts, no background noise or distractions just my motivation music (loud & clear) to keep me going.This purchase was for my son and he loves them just as much. He can have ""in the zone"" time playing games and watching videos on the couch while I watch my favorite shows and he uses them at school during independent study/work time.We are fans of these headphones."		
5	:	"I didn't want to write a review about these headphones. Honestly, I'm not interested in writing reviews.I lost the headphones last week and I just wanted to buy the new ones. Unfortunately, I couldn't buy from Amazon for a reason and couldn't find the same headphones on the market. I said to myself that it is ok and the other headphones with the same shape will have the same sound quality. But, unfortunately, it was not true! I Paid the same price as these headphones are and I got nothing.If you are reading this review, i ask you two things: Try to never loose these headphones and if you did, would buy the same ones"		
5	:	These are great. Comfortable and they stay on well when running. The way the ear piece fits really help keep them in place when moving a lot. They stay charged a pretty long time. They???re light weight and have good sound quality. Easy to set up.		
4	:	This is a revised review.  They worked perfectly the first time.  It didn't work the second time but it had been a couple of days since I charged them.  I put them on the charger again overnight and they worked.  It doesn't not appear that they hold a charge for long even without use.		
3	:	"I have an ear shape which prevents me from using something like AirPods, so I like the in-ear earbud style. I purchased these for exercise. Unfortunately, none of the earbud cushion sizes fit my ear properly. This prevents a snug fit, which means I can't hear the bass and the earbuds tend to fall loose when I'm exercising. The sound quality isn't great, but they're not very expensive so I wasn't expecting much. I'll probably invest the money in some higher quality headphones next time."		
4	:	I have bought other MPOW headphones which I love! I bought these as replacements. The sound was good and paired quickly. I was really sad during my run that I noticed the skin behind my ear was becoming raw/breaking down due to the headphones (the part that goes around your ear) being too big for my ear. I am hoping to be able to return these.EDIT: improved my star rating from two to four as the company sent me a different pair of headphones that fit much better! They have been in contact with me through email and have a wonderful customer service!		
1	:	"When trying to cram them into my ears, I'm turning them on and off because that's where the engineers decided to put the on off switch....on the outside of the headphones instead of on the side.  Will not fit into my apparently tiny human ears."		
5	:	"This is from a workout person's point of view. The bluetooth connectivity is outstanding. By far better than any earbuds used to date (and there have been a lot). The sound is great. Earbuds are very comfortable, and stay in your ear even when sweating. If you need earbuds for running these are awesome!"		
3	:	"Pretty good wireless earbuds! The sound quality is fair. The lows are strong but not overpowering, but the mids are a little more than I would prefer. My only real problem with them is that they hurt! They have a large nub that is made to sit in the groove of your ear, but I have found that it is rather painful when I smile or talk with them in, and after a couple hours it starts to hurt from just listening without moving your face. It sucks because the battery life is pretty good, but I just can't handle it, have to take them out every 30 mins or so. I couldn't imagine using them with smaller ears."		
1	:	"If I could give this 0 stars I would.  I purchased these on June 26th and they no longer work.  After struggling with charging the battery (even though I turned them off, they would continue to use up battery), today, when I went to go running, I noticed a ""discharge"".  The charging port was pulling away from the headphones and something from the headphones was leaking.  Needless to say, I could not even turn on the headphones.  The power button no longer depresses when I push it.  I haven't even had these three months and they do not work.  Never again, Mpow!"		
5	:	"This product works awesome for talking on the phone, listening to media and feels great all day. Undeniable quality for the price. Battery life is indicated on my iPhone 7 too. I swear a lot and they show no detection of buckets of sweat. The case is great too."		
4	:	"I'm using them for the first time, at work all day. They seem to work alright. They didn't break the bank. I bought some Motorola ones early this year. And they didn't last 4 months. Three times the cost. So I'll do a update later."		
5	:	"I love these head phone/Bluetooth,I work in construction I used them all day very comfortable and durable the battery life is amazing would recommend them to anyone they where a gift from my daughter for Father???s Day and there hasn???t been a day that I have not use them"		
3	:	"I wanted to love these headphones, but unfortunately i think they are just okay.  For some reason none of the available bud sizes fit my ears. On top of that the ear hooks are flimsy and fall off  my ears so they are not vey good for high intensity workouts."		
5	:	Very comfortable and good sound quality and volume.I only had them for a couple of weeks before losing them in the ocean while kayaking.  (Just had them around my neck thinking my life vest would hold them in place.  Nope.  My bad.)  Still I like them a lot.		
5	:	"Don???t be fooled by the very affordable price. Bought these to use while running. Both my husband and I like them. They sound great, stay put and no more cord flopping around as you run. Paired easily to husband???s IPhone and my Apple Watch 3."		
1	:	"They were good, for the 2 months they worked. Today I got a crackle sound and then nothing. Won't charge, won't turn on, nothing. Battery life was decent, sound quality was good. I didn't like how they fit, but I think that's more of a personal preference than anyone else. I won't be buying this brand again. Purchased August 27th, dead by October 15th. Less than 2 month life span."		
2	:	"The earbuds wheather or not playing audio will sometimes have a high pitched constant ring that sounds like a mosquito in the left ear. This ring is only audible when the earbuds are on. Another small problem is the lowest volume setting is too loud, but that's just personal preference. I followed all the instructions and only charge with the voltages it is rated for. If not for these problems this would be a 4.4 star product."		
1	:	"Zero design went into these things. They are clunky and really goofy looking. The pictures don't really show this. In addition to being really big, the cord is awkward and stiff. It doesn't just lay down well. Time to disband this product and make a different one."		
3	:	Overall these are meh. I regret buying them. I have not found a pair of Bluetooth headphones that are halfway comparable to a pair of $30 wired headphones. These have connectivity issues if your phone is in your pocket and you are tall or you leave you phone by the bench.		
5	:	"These are amazing. If you are on the fence, order them. I use headphones all day at work to keep myself from going stir crazy, these last all 8 hours without fail. They fit my ears perfectly and are so convenient. Buy them !!"		
4	:	"These are great head phones. They last for a long time and sound decent, however, whenever I ride my bike or workout they sound cuts in and out and distorted. And other times if I turn my head to the right it will cut off so I have to turn my head left again before the sound comes back. Overall great head phones for the price but could be better"		
1	:	"The sound quality was never aces to begin with, and gradually declined until they quit working entirely. They are uncomfortable. I do not recommend. Spend a little more money and only spend once on something that works and is decent quality."		
2	:	"It won't pair with my phone. It takes two days to get instructions, and it still doesn't work. Very disappointed.Update:It took weeks to resolve the issue, but they sent a replacement that works."		
1	:	"The sound quality is horrible.Completely muffled, unclear sound. If you are the kind of person who listens to music all the time, I woundt get this. Im not even that picky about earbuds (like im happy with those 10 dollar sony,jvc,etc earbuds) but this, I cant stand it."		
5	:	I love these headphones! They took a day to get used to wearing them. They are a bit big but they still fit and stay on. They are great for a kitchen job that is hands on and I can't be messing with my phone all day. I can easily pause the music or podcast I'm listening to once I get out of range of my phone or you can keep your phone in your pockets (women's clothes lack these so...) And you can keep listening wherever you go and have reception. I am definitely buying again!!!		
5	:	"These are great!  Sound quality, noise cancellation, fit & comfort. And although I want I???d like the battery to last longer (cuz who doesn???t) 6-8 hrs is still good considering I???m listening to music & making calls all day. The mic quality could be better. I???m told I sound far away or in a vacuum during calls.But how do I get replacement ear nubs? They fall off regularly & I lose them. Would like to order replacements but can???t find them."		
5	:	"These little buds have a big punch.  I was really surprised at the sound quality and ease of use.  In the past pairing has been a real PITA .. these were a breeze.  Nice rich sound, they don't fall off.  Highly recommended."		
5	:	"I tried the upgraded model to this one which to me, fits a lot better in the ear. Way more comfortable and seems to last longer as far as a charge goes. Based how it's fits, the L for left ear actually feels like it should be on the right ear and vise versa because of how the cord is shaoed. But they work great"		
4	:	"I used these mostly for listening to lectures, but the sound quality isn't too bad. I wish there was more of a warning for the battery level. It gives you a warning right before they die."		
5	:	"If you have these puppies in with any type of music at any level (hard rock to easy listening) you won???t be able to hear the world around you! There was a crying baby on my flight last week, and I didn???t even know until I got home and my fianc?? asked if it bothered me! My only issue is that they are a little too big for me, but I???ve been told by doctors and piercers that my ears are oddly shaped so that???ll happen with anything ear related."		
2	:	"Man these things hurt your ears if you use them longer than a workout...even with the three different ear bud sizes, I haven't found a comfortable size. I think it's the big hard bulb that comes before the actual ear bud that might be pushing resting on my outer ear canal too long, what the hell is the point of that anyway, cause the sound sounds muffled and the bass is a little too high, making the audio not sound crisp. Other than those things, they work fine and are easy to use. I'd give it a 2 1/2 if I could."		
5	:	"The battery life is great and really long, I have only had the product about two weeks and I cannot get it to pair anymore and the over the ear strap is useless because it will not fit humans which is one of the reasons I wanted this type was for the strapUpdate: this company is outstanding within 1 hour of writing this review I received an email from them and they wanted me to be satisfied.they sent a replacement right away no questions asked and the new pair is great just what I wanted including a new and improved ear strap."		
5	:	"Amazing headphones that are wonderful. I decided to pair these with the Fitbit Versa I just bought and it works fantastic. Battery life is nice too, lasting me about 7+ hours. It was easy to pair as well with multiple devices, as I also have it hooked up to my phone as well so that I can answer calls when working out as well."		
5	:	Amazing headphones ! I love the color and the headphones are very comfortable. They stay in place while I am working out. They also cover a great range. I can be super far from my phone and the headphones work just fine.		
2	:	Sound is actually not bad from there things but they absolutely do not stay in your ear. I???ve tinkered with the 3 different size plug things as well as the strap and nothing has worked. I???ve had comparatively priced Bluetooth ear buds for working out before and all were of similar sound quality but these are by far the worst ones. They do not stay in your ear!!!		
4	:	"Good product and fast shipping. Still trying to get use to wearing the ear buds in my ears, my ears get a little sore after using the head set for any length of time.  Overall I like the product."		
3	:	"Was really hoping these would last a lot longer than they did. They stopped working after a few months. The sound quality was decent and the battery life started out good. However, it seemed to hold less charge as time went on. Some of the smaller pieces didn't quite fit right, so they'd just pop off and get lost.Edit: The company replaced the faulty product, which is really great. I added another star to the review. If this device performs better I'll likely add another."		
2	:	"I just received these headphones in the email today. I was quite excited to test them out because I felt I was getting a good deal on the wireless Bluetooth headphones but the minute I tried to pair it up with my iPhone it would not pair up. At first, it did but would not play the song via headphones. I was quite eager to test this product out but now I am disappointed at the quality of these headphones. I thought I was getting a good deal but what the point if they do not even work properly? I do not recommend this purchase."		
4	:	"I particularly enjoy feeling like I am there when I listen to music, like it???s live. These headphones do a good job of not making the sound 60% the voice and some instruments in the background. You can clearly hear all the instruments and the voice as well. Great bass too. The only complaint would be after about an hour and a half there are comfortability issues, but not bad."		
5	:	I was very impressed with the high quality of these low-priced headphones. Sound is pretty good and the black memory foam pads are perfect -- they feel comfortable and stay in place. I'm on my second pair as I accidentally smashed a car door on the right bud of my first set. Highly recommend.		
5	:	One charge last me 7 to 8 hours watching my TV using a $17 bluetooth transmitter from Amazon with this great headset!  Very comfortable on my ears.  Barely know I have them on and battery does last 7 to 8 hours for me!  I believe they are the best bluetooth headset available for less then $50 and I bought a total of three pair!i		
1	:	"Why did my headphones mysteriously quit working?  I teach aerobics, so I only use these about 2-3 times per week.  I take care of them, put them in the case when they aren't being used, charge them, etc.  I have had them for a little over one month and am beyond disappointed that the ""return window"" has closed.  I would gladly exchange them, as I thought the quality was decent.  I am extremely disappointed at this point and hoping the company will give me an exchange option or refund."		
5	:	The battery life on this thing is amazing! Sometime it doesn???t fit around my ear correctly but overall I am extremely satisfied. I use them everyday when I workout.		
1	:	"I hate that I put this on a shelf and didn't think to test it until recently, because I definitely would have returned this. Despite reading the directions and charging the headphones appropriately, it will not connect to any of my bluetooth devices. I am unable to use these headphones and I am very disappointed."		
5	:	"Highly recommend these! I bought these because I wasn???t ready to invest in Apple AirPods. I wear them to the gym all the time and they stay securely in my ear during cardio. I wore them to travel recently, a little bulky and uncomfortable if you???re trying to rest your head on a pillow during travel use, but I???m very happy with my purchase. The battery life is surprisingly long and sound quality is bumpin???, if you know what I mean Hahahha"		
5	:	"The design of the over-ear loops make these headphones great for people with an active lifestyle. Whether dog walking, hiking, or running, I can't go back to wired earphones now!"		
1	:	"I got this product on Wednesday. I used them all day, then charged them that night, used them all Thursday. On Friday, the button was a bit glitchy, and by Friday night, they refused to turn on despite being at full power.They didnt even last a full week. Do not buy these headphones."		
5	:	Update these mpow headphones were not good for me but after I made that review that company sent me their new cheetah headphones and they are amazing. No more cord between buds stiff plastic that holds the head set right where you want. Great for athletes no more tangled cord in shirt. Mpow Cheetah. Buy them ! Really uncomfortable for my ears tried different size ear buds but it was not helpful. You get what you pay for spend a little more		
3	:	Maybe I am spoiled with nicer headphones. These just sound meh. Muddy but okay. I reverted back to my old wired headphones but will keep in my junk drawer.		
2	:	Battery lasts about 6-7 hours. Bluetooth battery life that is displayed on the iPhone is not accurate. Sounds starts cutting out when you???re 5-10 ft from your phone. Ocassionally cuts out when your phone is in your pocket. I???d recommend buying a pair that???s $10-20 more if it???s guaranteed to not cut out as often.		
2	:	"This piece is larger and heavier than expected and the ear piece is not very comfortable...well, at least for my ears. One thing I do not like at all is the stiff cable. That cable has a mind of its own. It is not just hanging ???tangle-free??? around your neck. Very unfortunate."		
5	:	These headphones do not disappoint and the fact that they are affordable is just icing on the cake. They connect easily and the sound quality is on par with the other more expensive options. I???m always told how clear I sound. Very satisfied!		
1	:	Wanted to live these purchased them in August and I???ve all read lost sound in the left ear piece. Not even six months old and will have to replace.		
5	:	"They are better then expected. Clear sound, fits fine, adjustable size ear buds, works great with an android phone. Definitely a must have if you enjoy music hands free on a Bluetooth headphone. Great for working out."		
5	:	"I???ve tried multiple Bluetooth headphones for running but they all always fall out of my ears. I love these they fit so comfortably and stay in place. On top of that the sound is amazing. Another bonus, I love the color. I have not used them enough yet to rate the battery life but so far so good."		
4	:	"I only had these for a couple of days and then returned them. The volume could've been louder, but that's just me. I like the placement of the power and volume controls. The reason I returned them is because I wear prescription glasses and I didn't like my glasses and the over the ear part of the headphones touching on my ear."		
1	:	"Works great if you're immobile. If you plan on doing anything while wearing these, you probably want to look elsewhere. I used these to listen to an audio book while walking, my phone was in my back pocket. The sound cut out with every step I made... That's weird for a Bluetooth device, right? Must be an issue with the wire come tong the 2 earbuds. Returning it for something else"		
1	:	"The sound quality of these head phones are below average. These is no noticable bass enhancement and the volume level is poor. Meaning since they are not noise cancelling, the music is lost in a noisy gym or outdoors in the city. After the first use the right ear piece was barely audible even at the highest volume level. Big disappointment!"		
5	:	"I was hesitant to get these because earbud type headphones have never felt comfortable or fit in my ears correctly. These are vastly different from most earbuds because they have a soft/squishy bud that is what actually rests in your ear. It is super comfortable, I can barely tell they are there! And the sound is really good. Charging is simple, the case is really nice, and turning them on and off and pairing is easy peasy!"		
5	:	"These work best with a full charge. After turning off and on a few times (without charging in between) pauses in sound begin to occur.Update: I was sent a replacement pair since my initial set wasn't working well (see above), new pair work great and customer service was proactive about helping fix the problem."		
5	:	"I was not sure what to expect given all of the similar products on the market with similar reviews. They have been great though. Great sound quality, great battery life as long as I remember to turn them off. Excellent fit.  I will probably buying these for my kids for Christmas."		
5	:	"I use these to work out and they have been great! Nice sound, fits well around the ears. You can't beat the cost. I have two pair so I can have one charged and ready."		
5	:	"The biggest bass tone I have ever had with any headphone that was not designed for DJ???s or otherwise high end. That may not be what everyone is concerned about but for EDM, Hip-Hop, Hard Rock, etc. it absolutely hits. High and mid tones are great and clear as well but you can find that in any earbud. Packaging and other bits are great but overall good sound is the highlight I think."		
5	:	I love these! Bought two one for myself and one for my son. The sound quality is great. Sometimes the microphone does pick up too much of what???s going on in the background but I???ve had that happen with other brands as well. I use these daily for about 8 hrs		
5	:	"Thus far I've not used them for a long period of time, but they synced with my phone very quickly and sounded great! I'll update if they're not great, otherwise this review stands!"		
5	:	"Outstanding sound quality, I use them at the gym working out and in the hot tub and in the sona and they work great outstanding sound"		
1	:	Worked great for 1 week! I have $300 beats by Dre and I liked these better.Then week 2 came... the connection only holds when my phone is in my hand next to the right side. Absolutely no connection from my pocket or even the floor to the headset.10/10 would not recommend. I really wish these held up their hype.		
1	:	"These headphones are not adjustable and do not fit people with regular size or small ears. The piece does not fit well over my ear and sits above it.UPDATE: their customer service is awesome and did send me a new pair that they thought would fit better. This pair does fit better, but still doesn???t not stay on my ear during intense activity. However i do appreciate customer service making every effort to make sure customers have a good experience."		
5	:	I needed headphones that would stay in my ears while working out. This was the fourth pair I tried and they stay put. I would say the sound quality is good for $20.		
1	:	"This is my second pair of mpow BT earbuds (my first pair were lost on a business trip after about six months of use). Unfortunately, these seem to have overheated while charging to the point where they started melting the electronics/rubber case. This happened after about four hours of charging in a standard USB port, which was used both before and after to successfully charge other devices without similar incident. Will not take the chance on these again."		
5	:	"For the price, this is a great product. This is my first set of blue tooth earbuds, and I use them all the time but the gym. The battery life is great, and I think the sound quality is excellent. I am happy with my purchase!"		
5	:	"I've been searching for a good pair of running headphones and these are perfect! I have small ears, so headphones often either fall out or hurt. The part that wraps around your ear keeps them on without giving me a headache. Bluetooth works great, and I love that I can pause/skip songs with the buttons on the headset so I don't have to get my phone out while I'm running. Sound quality is bomb. Would recommend!"		
5	:	"Nice for the price. Good sound, quick wifi connection time, comfortable 7 hours battery life...tons of compliments from co-workers."		
4	:	"The battery lasts a long time, I haven't had them die on me yet. The audio quality is okay, not great. They come with a nice little compact case. I'd say for what I use them for they are perfect. Not gonna satisfy an audiophile but for me it was a good buy."		
5	:	"I bought 3 units of this device based on previous reviews I had read about. I couldn't be more satisfied. It does fit my ears perfectly, the sound quality and battery life is great, it does not fall off (even when I attempt to run). 5/5 for sure! Would totally repurchase other products from the same company, and would recommend this device for anyone looking for a great price/benefit bluetooth headphone."		
4	:	Picks up a LOT of background noise when using the microphoneHowever:Sound qualityComfortEase of useFast chargingAll amazing		
4	:	"These headphones are great, they connect with my phone in about 2 seconds and I have had no issues with them. I have very small ears and these do not stay in very well, and the over the ear part does not line up very well for me."		
4	:	"These are pretty good. I use them primarily for running long distance. Not the highest quality or best fit in the world, but I use them a lot and they???re perfect for what I need. One complaint is that when the battery is low it doesn???t warn you very far in advance so it???s died mid-run before, when I didn???t get any warning until during the run."		
2	:	"The sound is fair to good, fit is good for me. Battery life and range were better than expected.Two stars because this is the second Mpow wireless headphone set that I've bought, and they've both quit working before six months of use. They just wont turn on one day, and that's it.Great value if they'd last more than 6 months."		
5	:	"I used these for a 10k trail run and had absolutely no problems. They stayed put, and I had no sound problems. Very pleased! Sometimes I get a wind sound through them, but when I adjust them in my ear it usually corrects.  That said, they aren't the highest quality sound--but more than adequate for what I use them for. I would definitely buy them again."		
3	:	"If you have small ears avoid these. Even with the smallest ear buds they still are a bit bulky. I ended up cutting the over ear piece off because it was so big that it just irritated my ears. The actual pieces that you control volume, etc on are a bit bulky as well but not too bad. Great sound quality, holds a charge very well and are overall fairly comfortable."		
5	:	"I'll never pay for those ""high dollar"" ear buds again!  I've owned beats and airpods.  The sound quality is nearly identical.  And the price, well, that's an easy one!"		
5	:	"I often find with earbuds that they just will not stay in my ears. The memory foam earbuds are great. No problem having them stay. The sound is great, as is the microphone for calls. They connect to my phones bluetooth faster than ANYTHING else I connect to using bluetooth. I am EXTREMELY  pleased with these bluetooth earbuds."		
4	:	These are great for small flights are in office work but not a whole day of jamming out. Just be aware that these are really built for working out and etc and be prepared for about 4 hours of battery life. Great options for ear bud sizes.		
5	:	"I???ve been through a dozen Bluetooth headphones. These are the first ones that my wife actually liked, and that felt more expensive than they actually were. I got the blue ones for myself, and the red ones for her. There are a great pair of headphones.  No complaints from either of us."		
5	:	for the price you are paying these are UNBELIEVABLE I love them I have been using them to workout and they hold up really well and sound good		
1	:	With over 5000 reviews I don't know how this ever got through as one of the best ones on Amazon's website because this does not sound that great. The ipipoo and pulse brand sound a lot better but I guess I Bye them to listen to music maybe that's the issue sorry		
2	:	These stayed in my ears and had a great amount of bass for the time that they worked.  I rinsed off in the shower after a workout and the left headphone got water in it.  I dried them out afterwards as this had happened before yet the sound was still significantly quieter than the right side.  Mpow says they're waterproof but I wouldn't trust it as I can't hear out the left earplug anymore.		
4	:	"Got them exactly when I was supposed  to. Volume is great when used with my phone. Had to pair only 2x in order to set up. Comes with the basic items 4 ear pods, holder  to make the cord shorter/longer around your neck, USB  charging cord, and carrying case. Carrying  case is much better than the beats version. Will see how the battery lasts at work. I usually listen to my shows."		
2	:	"These quit working within the first month. Lots of static, and you can't hear people very well.  I'm disappointed b/c I thought these would help me get through my workday hands-free.  Disappointed..."		
5	:	My husband and I both have these and they are an excellent value. We use them to work out. I had an issue with one pair that quit working but customer service was very quick to resolve the problem. I would definitely purchase again.		
5	:	"EDIT: I???m so sorry to the company and amazon, the headphones ended up working, they just needed for time to charge and they have in fact paired. I just think the instructions that came with we???re a little vague and confused me.  Also excellent costumer service, Amazon was quick to help me with my problem."		
5	:	"Right now, really loving these headphones. The charge time from empty is fast, and they seemingly last about 8 hours or so. The range on them is also quite good, since I can go from end to end of my house and they don't get disconnected. Only thing I had to do was change the buds that were on it and it's great! Sound quality and call quality is really, really good"		
1	:	These work but are very bulky and after a couple of hours of wearing them they start to hurt my ears. They don't hold up well and are cheaply made. I would not purchase these very low quality.		
5	:	**UPDATED** Awesome customer service! Upon seeing my review they reached out and are sending me another pair that they think will work better for me.Sound quality is ok. They're a little too big and bulky for me. I bit uncomfortable in my ear		
3	:	"Ordered these Around two months ago, and for 30 bucks I have to say that they were worth it for a while. The headphones were comfortable enough, the sound quality was pretty good, and the battery lasts around 8 hours, as reported. however just recently the left earphone has stopped working and I can now only hear from the right side. Would have rated it better if only they had lasted longer."		
5	:	I went through 3 other wireless headphones before landing on this one. They fit comfortably in my ears and i have yet to have them fall out. I also like that there is a strap for additional security and I don't lose an earbud. I also don't have to charge them very often and they easily connected to my phone. Highly recommend!		
5	:	I have only had these for 2 days but so far have exceeded my expectations.  My Samsung phone paired with it immediately.  I do a fast walk slow jog and they worked perfectly even with my sweating which I do pretty heavily.  They also fit well in my ear with no problems		
2	:	"The earbuds often skip when playing mp3 files.  This only happens when my phone is clipped to my belt, and I'm walking around.  As long as I'm motionless, it works fine.  Will probably return the product."		
4	:	For the price the ear buds are not bad. The only thing I don???t like it the piece that goes over your ear is extremely loose.		
3	:	I was really excited to receive these but they became pretty uncomfortable after about 30 min of wear. The plastic piece just beyond the ear bud causes quite a bit of discomfort and soreness. Not suitable for the gym or for long periods of time.		
5	:	Glad that I bought these. Have them in the blue. The battery is very good. I usually use them for the gym and on my commute to work. I charge them maybe every other day. It lets you know when the battery is low. My only thing is that if your a glasses wearer like me the blue flashing light might be annoying till you get use to it. Great sound quality.		
5	:	"love 'em. Great product. Wish the battery life was longer, but they still last a solid 4-5 45 minute workouts, with a couple hours worth of studying at the library. They don't die without warning- you get a verbal reminder from them every 10 minutes or so for about 30 minutes before they die, so I think that is preferable to them just kicking the bucket on you each time. I would recommend them!"		
5	:	"I've liked these so far, they haven't died on me yet like other inexpensive headphones on Amazon. Sound quality is good for the price."		
1	:	"These headphones started out well. Very comfortable with good sound quality. However, they now won't hold a charge.  The light initially turns blue when I power them on but then flashes red and blue and won't connect to bluetooth.  There's nothing regarding a warranty. Very disappointing."		
5	:	"Purchased 3 different colors for my household and we like them very much.The only thing I would add is, a small clip of some sort to the other accessories. The clip would be used to secure the item to your shirt to keep it from falling off when not in use."		
5	:	"Purchased 3 different colors for my household and we like them very much.The only thing I would add is, a small clip of some sort to the other accessories. The clip would be used to secure the item to your shirt to keep it from falling off when not in use."		
3	:	UPDATE: Someone suggested ???forgetting this device??? on my phones Bluetooth and reconnecting it and that seems to have done the trick!Lasted several weeks and now will not charge!! First time I had to charge them was of course past the return order time frame. Hoping someone can help me out or they see this and send a new pair or refund me!		
5	:	Excellent sound but the battery life and the range is starting to shorten after 2 months		
5	:	I purchased it to listen to music and various things on my phone. I had no idea when I purchased it that it also can be used for phone calls. The quality is far superior to the plug in that came with my phone. I love it.		
4	:	"I had to have a little patience at first when connecting these to my iPhone. It would connect to my phone but once I turned it off I would have to delete it from my Bluetooth list on my phone and then start from scratch ( which is very easy). Since the fourth time I???ve been very happy with my headphones, nor problems since."		
4	:	"I like them alot, only problem is I have to use the medium size buds and during my HIIT on the bike, the sweat creeps into my ear canal and causes distortion."		
5	:	Works		
5	:	"My husband bought a pair to use at the gym. I tried them when I went to the gym, so I had to get my own pair. I did not have a problem with them slipping off my ears or out. Sounds quality was excellent, music very clear and when I talked on the phone, had no problem with hearing the caller. Would recommend to anyone who wants a great quality Bluetooth hedphones."		
5	:	"For the price, these are very good.  I used them to listen to audiobooks and the sound is no different than my wired headphones.  They stay in and help drown out background noise. The volume control on the unit takes some time to get used to but that might be because I have long nails. I like the pause button on the unit."		
5	:	Works as expected. Not sure yet how long the batter lasts but so far so good. They could use a bit more adjustable options to fit the ear for different ear sizes.		
5	:	My wife is enjoying my gift for her.  Thanks for an excellent Bluetooth ear bud.		
5	:	"Used them today for the first time. I was pleasantly surprised at the comfort level and the sound quality. Call quality is very clear. I would recommend them, a good buy for the price."		
1	:	Bought these because of all the reviews but I was really disappointed.  First of all the sound is horrible.  The bass is so overwhelming that I couldn't hear the song (if that makes sense).  Second the over the ear clamp was way too big and it kept slipping off my ear.  The only good thing was the battery life it lasted pretty much all day.  I would never buy these again.		
5	:	Love how fast they connect and sound quality. I just wish the battery lasted a bit longer but for the price I think it's pretty fair.		
1	:	I???m done with these headphones and their sellers in general. I???ve bought now 3 pairs of these and you???d think I???d learn after the 2nd stopped working. This one put the icing on the cake as it only lasted one minute before it stopped charging and became defective. I repeat do not buy these headphones if u want ones that last long.		
5	:	Fantastic product for a fantastic price. Great sound they don???t come off at all when working out ???????????????? etc. They look good cosmetically also. I have the blue ones.		
5	:	This wireless headsets have proved buying high price headphones is a totally fraud. This product sound as good and I think better than power beats. The battery life is top of the line. I use them every day at work for about 9 hours. This is a real deal.. I know for sure that this company is going to take the market. You guys are doing a excellent product.		
4	:	"Likes:  quality of sound,  long battery life, if it's not being used, it will power itself off to conserve battery life.Dislike:  if my phone is on vibrate, and not in my ear, I don't know someone is calling me."		
5	:	I love the sound quality of these headphones! They are so lightweight I almost forget I have them on!		
4	:	I wrote a bad review since my first headphones would not turn on after two months but the company was nice enough to send me new ones that work great! I may have gotten a dud pair and it was awesome that the company supplied me with new ones. Thank you!		
5	:	Feel light and fit great in my ears.  I can wear these for a long time.  Sounds is great and they are so pretty.		
4	:	The sound quality is pretty good.  The only thing is I can't quite get a snug fit around my ear and I wish there was a clip to attach to my clothes as I often run with only one bud in-ear. Not deal breakers.  Good quality for the price.		
5	:	"Comfortable, sound is good - great for traveling!  Thank you!"		
1	:	"I am very dissapointed with these headphones. None of the ear pieces fit my ears properly. I got these intending to use them while running. Because of the poor fit, the headphone would fall out of my ears while running. My husband tried them as well and had the same issue. Because we used them (and recycled the packaging), we were unsure whether we could return them for a refund. We ended up just throwing them away."		
1	:	I could have dealt with the sound quality being low or the cushions that kept falling off (learned to just go without them) but now it just doesn???t work at all.  Bought them in June		
4	:	Only downside.  I have to stay in the same room as my phone or take it with me.		
4	:	These are great. I bought them so I could listen to music in the shower and not bother my husband. I only give it 4 stars because they arent as loud as I wish they were.		
3	:	"I opened them up today and they look amazing! I love the blue and they look just like gen picture. I am not a fan of the sound quality, there is literally NO bass which is the most disappointing. The seem to fit fine but the back of the actual ear bud Is a little uncomfortable. I haven???t tested them on the run yet so I will update when I do."		
2	:	"They dont last long battery wise, and you can't be in any wind or you cant hear the music...so blare it if you outside moving. Not good for motorcycle....bicycles, running outside."		
5	:	"Comfortable fit and stays in place while running, good music quality but does not block any outside noise."		
5	:	Great price for excellent sport earbuds. Fast shipping to boot.		
2	:	Don't stay on the ears that well. The ear hook is practically useless. Definitely need to go back to the drawing board on this one. Sound quality is fine for the price but not great.		
5	:	"I bought the headphones for my husband, he really likes them. The sound is great, they seat really well inside your ear, so I hope they'll last for a very long time."		
5	:	"Great headphones for the price! They stay in your ears really well, and the sound quality is great. The over ear piece is comfortable as well. They cancel noise relatively well, though they're not completely noise cancelling. Battery lasts for quite a while, and they are intuitive to use. Great product!"		
5	:	First time using these type of headphones and I LOVE THEM. Super easy to connect and stays in ears as well! Although they do feel cheap their performance is awesome		
4	:	I like the quality of the sound it produces. The piece that goes over the ear needs to be a bit longer to ensure the device doesn???t fall off when running.		
4	:	"This was my second pair of these headphones, the first pair I absolutely loved but my dog found them so I had to order a second pair. The second pair wasn't as nice of quality and always cut in and out. I tried to return them but that was on me and my busy schedule.  I'm debating if I'd order them again with the possibility of loosing money since it's hard for me to return things."		
5	:	I like to use the ear buds during my workouts. I have tried several different types and they always fall out of my ears or don't work after I sweat. These ear buds work great and have a great sound.		
5	:	"Exactly how it was described and looks just like the pic. The sound is so crisp and clear. Love the flexibility of the piece that hugs your ear, usually that piece is hard plastic, but this one is flexible and comfortable around the ear. Also,  the way the inner ear piece fits in your ear, is completely sound canceling and all you hear is your music or the convo your having."		
5	:	Customer service sent me a replacement pair after my first one didnt charge. Great customer service. They work amazingly and hold a good charge. They are comfy and durable. Highly recommend.		
5	:	Great price for headphones. Wrapped and under the tree~		
5	:	"Not only do they stay on my ears, while, I'm jogging... they don't get sweat in them. The controls work, battery life is great, connected to blue tooth without issues. I wouldn't hesitate to purchase these again or recommend them."		
4	:	I don???t have the sound quality that I???ve had from other brands. It???s still a good Bluetooth		
5	:	"These ear buds work really well and cancel out a lot of the outside noise. They stayed in place while jogging for 5 miles!! The buttons take some time getting used to, but once you are used it, there are no issues. I am very happy with my purchase."		
4	:	These are too big for my sons ears. He cannot use them.		
5	:	Great item! A little bulky in the ear but has crystal clear sound during calls and listening to music.		
3	:	"Theyre not terrible, theyre not great. The sound quality is not the best but its workable. If you have high standards when it comes to sound quality, I would not recommend these. But if you just want some cheap wireless headphones, these work great. Theyre nice for working out because then you dont have to worry about a cord."		
5	:	Edit: 7-26-18 The company saw my review and actually sent me a new set.  I truly appreciate this great customer service so I am updating my review!!I received my headphones in the mail last week.  Already the cord to charge them quit working. The headphones themselves sound really good but disappointed that I have to buy a new charging cord already.		
5	:	If you're looking for a bluetooth headset for your everyday life. This is it. Great clarity for calls and music!		
5	:	These are the best ear buds I have purchased.  The clarity from the sound is amazing.  I would recommend these to friends and family.		
3	:	Basic headphones. Would've been better off with skullcandy or something else cheap.		
5	:	Love these. Last for several hours. like 5 hours 1.5 to charge and keeps going.		
4	:	"Sound good and they don't fall off while working out or riding the bike, the rope is a little stiff and sometimes gets awkward behind your head, just wish it was softer and flexible. Highly recommend it , good battery"		
5	:	So far the headphones are great. Great sound and fit comfortably in my ears. I???m unsure of the battery life yet mainly because I haven???t used them do extended periods of time. But once I know I???ll update e		
5	:	I received my pair as a gift and loved them so much I bought them for my husband. He also loves them. I lost my ear  bud covers though and luckily you guys include extras.		
5	:	No more cords!  Love it.  The quality of the sound is great even when running on the noisy beach.		
5	:	"Cheap, super comfortable, and Bluetooth 4.1 is great for connectivity. Bought some more expensive crappy headphones from a local store and returned them and got these for cheaper! Work way better. Cheap and easy get them"		
5	:	So far so good. I use these at the gym and so far they are working exactly how I haf hoped.		
1	:	Very poor sound quality. The sound on these is flat. Returning them today.		
5	:	Love these buds! Excellent fit and sound. I sweat profusely and these hold up just fine during my long running sessions.		
5	:	"I am very tough when review different products especially concerning music and it???s sound quality. This product has surprised me for a Bluetooth earphones set. It shocked me that it???s compatible with IOS programming as well. The sound quality is good for this model . When balling on a budget, $20 for this earphones is not bad."		
5	:	Easy to use and come in a convenient case to keep them from sitting at the bottom of my purse.		
5	:	One of many bluetooth sets purchased and AWESOME! I can clean wearing these and walk all over the house without disconnecting!		
4	:	"This is my third pair of Bluetooth headphones and finally satisfied. They fit well, sync quickly, sound is good and they stay put. Battery life is good"		
5	:	"Sturdy product, paired quickly, command buttons are simple to get the hang of. Battey lasts longer than they say.... 9.5 hours and still going. Sounds better than the ""super bass"" earbuds at the same price point."		
5	:	"The headphones work nicely. Good sound quality and do not come off or move around when running or working out. My first impression was that they were bulky, and their customer service team made sure I ended up a satisfied customer by sending me a slimmer replacement. They do a good job of making sure you are happy with your purchase. Thank you!"		
5	:	"These headphones connect to my bluetooth immediately, they sound great and were inexpensive. What's not to love?"		
5	:	AMAZING!! i have had no problems and they work so well. havent had them in contact with water but I am interested to see how that goes!		
5	:	Really great price and easy to set up.  And they sound really good too.  I got these for my wife to take to the gym and thinking I may need to pick up a pair too!		
5	:	Best sound and very comfortable. I love that the battery life is about 7 hours.		
5	:	Husband is very excited and in love with these ear buds.		
5	:	"This is the 3 pair I order, people keep stealing them they are so good!"		
5	:	"Very nice for noise cancelling and jogging, I would recommend for the price of the item."		
5	:	Love these the sound quality is great		
2	:	These headphones were awesome and they worked really great until they ran out of battery. When I tried to recharge them the light would turn blue but the headphones wouldn't actual charge. I left them charging for two hours and when I tried to turn them on they wouldn't light up at all. I do not recommend purchasing.		
4	:	"I like its look and color. It hold tight on ear even I run. Sound quality is normal. Never compare to hi-fi headphone. But the signal has some problem. The sound, or say the signal, has glitch when I put my phone in pocket. But there is no problem when my phone in my waist bag or hold on hand."		
5	:	What I liked about these earbuds is that its really convenient if you were to leave your phone and you can still hear what you???re listening to. What I don???t like about the earbuds is that when I put them on sometimes the earbuds rubs on my ear and it kind of hurts but doesn???t bother me. The sound quality could be just a bit better. The sound is good but not crisp.		
4	:	everything went well with my order and delivery  - set up was easy and the sound is good		
1	:	They were great while they lasted and I was going to buy people some for Christmas. I figure skate and they withheld all the spins and jumps. In the middle of work yesterday they just stopped working. The battery wasn???t dead and the sound people I work with couldn???t get them to work. Kinda sucks. They were great :/		
5	:	Bought for my 12 year old son as a birthday gift and he loves them!		
5	:	"Excelente sonido, calidad y la carga de la bateria dura todo el d??a."		
5	:	Very happy with this item.  Easy to use and connect.  Also like the around the ear design.		
5	:	These are great! They???re surprisingly super loud. My only complaint is they can get a bit uncomfortable after wearing them for about an hour!		
1	:	"It's a decent earphone for the price, provided they improve its reliability. Mine stopped working a month after I bought them. Sadly cant return to Amazon due to 30 day return policy.Need to improve their build quality and battery life if they want to earn trust of the customers."		
4	:	"When running I need to adjust the earpiece, as it come loose. If you put them in your ears like ear buds to be snug, you can hear the sound of your breathing/bouncing as you  run over your music. If they are not as snug, then you just have to turn your volume up if you dont want the scratchy/bouncing/breathing interference."		
5	:	"These are a gift so I will update the review at a later date. This far they arrived on time and in the original box. So far so good, will update at a later date."		
1	:	"Got it in August. Was a bday present 1st part of October. Quit working/charging last week(11.19.2018). Really liked product, but just didn???t last very long."		
5	:	"Connects easily, has good sound and range.  Packaging was in tact.  Great price for the quality."		
5	:	Very surprised for the price		
1	:	"Worked great for a day. Then Bluetooth pairing failed completely. Junk. Also, the pairing mode is the same button as the power, held for same period of time (both are 3-4s in the instructions, terrible design)."		
5	:	They look good. They will be a gift!		
5	:	The comfort and sound		
5	:	they work great. just wish they had a battery level notice on start up. but good sound.		
5	:	"Excelent sound, great battery life. so far this headphonres are excelent. feel nice on ear."		
1	:	would give zero stars if i could.  unable to charge after only 1 full use.  waste of time and money with this junk		
5	:	"Great product, solid construction, and battery life is excellent.  Sound quality on music is exceptional.Only drawback, if there is a lot of noise or windy when you are using for Bluetooth phone, it tends to be hard to hear."		
5	:	"My boyfriend says they sound ok, but i think they sound great! So I guess if you look for the highs/lows whatever he was talking about they're not amazing but if you just clean for a living and get lonely easy they're exactly what you need."		
5	:	"Sound is great, fit is super no complaints."		
5	:	I???m so happy with these headphones. Great sound		
4	:	I loved these headphones and would have given them 5 stars until one earpiece stopped working after less than 2 months.Update: This company gets an ???A??? for customer service. I got replacement headphones ASAP. I???m very impressed.		
5	:	The only thing that I wish I could change is the light blinking when I try to sleep with them . Would like to turn it off.		
5	:	"I give this company a 5 Star! Mpow Flame Bluetooth headsets are an awesome pair of headphones for the price! I had Bluetooth connection issue right out of the box with my original pair, however, the company was on top of it without hesitation! If someon were to ask me about my headphones, I would recommend my Mpow Flame Bluetooth headphones."		
5	:	Great buy for the price i have the beats that are similar and not that much of a difference but obviously the beats are better but for the price cant go wrong.		
4	:	The 4 stars is mainly for their returns policy. Time will tell whether this product will last me longer than the last Mpow Jaws that I bought from the same folks. Bottom line what we need is a trustworthy product and so far cannot say that with any certainty.		
5	:	So far I have been using these for a couple of months. I have had no issues with the quality. I like how easy it is to connect with my phone. Fits perfectly too.		
5	:	My wife loves these earphones they are great.		
5	:	"Just bought this item. Although i have not used them too much. It feels already as a great purchase. Good material, good sound quality and a great case to put them away. Good purchase."		
1	:	"The right earbud always fell out of my ear but the left one was fine. The plastic is light poor quality, and the rubbery material is also of poorer quality than many other comparable headphones. I will be returning these after using them 2 times. Not good for working out/running."		
4	:	"Had no problem pairing devices, this is a great product! Has good clear sound and good range!"		
4	:	A little stiff in the earpiece other than that it???s good		
3	:	Sound ok but if talking the person cant hear you all s well.		
5	:	"Love these headphones! They have a long battery life, they stay in place when I'm working out (no matter how intense it is), and they are easy to use. The sound quality is great, especially for the price. Totally worth it!"		
5	:	Good quality.		
3	:	"These didn???t impress me.They did come with a great carrying case and different sizes for the ear buds. They also look great and I like that the controls are on the earbuds and not on the cord.My issues are as follows:-The smallest earbud size still seemed too big. I tried on several occasions to tilt the hook as shown in the product description pictures. During my run, they would just bounce out of my ear.-The issue with the earbuds bouncing out of my ear was made even more frustrating to fix because anytime I touched the right earbud, I would either hit the volume button or the on/off button.- These cut out or ???skip??? often. Basically, anytime I took my phone out to check stats and put it back it would skip.- Way too much bass. I can figure out how to adjust this.- At the end of each song, the earphones would beep and shut off. I???d have to turn them back in for each song. This doesn???t seem like it is an issue with how much it was charged as I had charged if for several hours before this.I am looking for another pair of headphones to replace these.Update:The company sent me a replacement pair without asking for anything in return (this review included) the new pair are their Cheeta version which suit my needs perfectly. I am raising a star for excellent customer service. I have reviewed the new headphones under that product page."		
4	:	These were great until my weirdly designed camelback opened up in my day pack and drowned them!		
5	:	"paired quick, and sounds good enough for my use."		
5	:	Very beautiful headset for this price		
5	:	Good product for the price. Good battery life. Charging a little slow. Solid audio		
5	:	Great earbuds for the price		
5	:	"Love the price! Good sound, good battery life and good connectivity. Ear tabs are a little flimsy but all around great product for the price!"		
5	:	"Works great. I wear them I run, when I walk and when I exercise in general. They are comfortable and the sound quality is good."		
5	:	"The Sound was really nice... I used them at the gym today... 1.5 hour work out... sweat and all, they held up great.... adjustment to the ear piece will be the best part.. for more comfort.  Was very happy with the purchase, and great value for the price I paid.  Thanks."		
4	:	So far so good. I???ve had these on for 4 separate runs and they???ve worked really well. Sound quality is great just would like them to be a little tighter around my ears. But you can???t beat them for the price.		
5	:	"I use these when I???m mowing. Large ZTR mower, that???s quite loud. I???m amble to play music through these at a level that is not ruining my hearing. Sound quality is excellent, to my ears. Good bass, but not all bass. I???d purchase again."		
5	:	Great price for an excellent product.  Now I can get through the work day without recharge !		
4	:	"I used the headphones maybe four times over three months and now the headphones won???t charge or power up.EDIT: The seller saw my original review and sent me a new pair quickly.  Heck, the replacement set just showed up.  I'll update further if necessary but so far so good."		
4	:	I had a problem connecting to Bluetooth after 2 weeks but customer service sent me another one. All good now and works well.  Thanks		
5	:	"Fit well, work well. 5 stars!"		
5	:	"Stylish, color options help when you have others in the fam wearing similar buds. The price is unbeatable!"		
4	:	"They are light,comfortable and provide good quality audiobooks when used for my workouts or general use.You also don???t realize you have them on when going thru your daily activities.Im happy to have purchased them.Less wires means more enjoyment."		
4	:	"These work great, best ones I have bought so far"		
5	:	Sound is very good and they are easy to put on		
5	:	Good product!  Long charge!		
5	:	They work great.  They also come with a bunch of different earpiece sizes so that you can find one that fits comfortably in your ear.		
5	:	Absolutely love these headphones.  Cancels most noise out when I'm working out at my gym.  Have to take them out of my ears when someone talks to me or I can't hear them.		
1	:	These headphones won't connect to a Galaxy S8.		
5	:	Great headphones. Great price! Thank you		
5	:	Good sound quality!!! Good call quality!!! For $20.00 it???s a steal. Also really like the feature when it lets you know when the Bluetooth is connect!		
2	:	"I just recieved the earbuds and the right earbud crackles badly like a blown speaker. Sound is super muddy, dont get me wrong I love bass but when thats all there is to the sound it really kills the vocals. I will more than likely return these and try another set from another brand."		
5	:	"First of all... love the color! Glad I sprung for the ???Tiffany blue??? color. The sound of these are great. They fit my ears just fine.  I wanted some ???cheap??? Bluetooth headphones.... and these are perfect!!! They are user friendly, not complicated to pair and have excellent sound."		
5	:	Excellent buy.		
5	:	Worth the money. Great for college		
5	:	"Great, pair easily to the iPhone great at the gym and work."		
5	:	The headphones work great. They are easy to set up and sound quality is great for the price. They hold up amd have no problem with them staying in my ear canal		
4	:	Loved this at first but now that I???ve had them for some time they have stopped working. Even if they are fully charged they will no longer stay turned on or connect to any device.Edit: the company sent me a new pair. Great customer service and hoping this pair lasts as I love he headphones!		
5	:	The sound is amazing and love the color but wish the holder was the same color as the headset.		
5	:	Good productCute		
5	:	"I sweat a lot and it ruins all the headphones I have worn. these work great, sound great, and the memory foam pieces are super comfortable!"		
5	:	Works great and very comfortable.		
2	:	"Had these since mid July and already have had the right side stop working twice. It???s now October 3rd (almost 3 full months) and they are officially dead. 3 months for $20, not terrible but not too great. Activities: running and gym 5x a week."		
5	:	"Real dope headphones. I have the bigger set as well, but I like these more just because they're more convenient."		
4	:	The headphones feel flimsy as they go over the ears.  Sound is awesome.		
5	:	I like them so far.		
5	:	Use it at the gym daily. They never fall out of my ears and the sound quality is superb.		
4	:	"I like these headphones are light and use them to run and they stay in place, the battery is ok, I wish it last longer but i guess is long enough."		
5	:	"These headphones work great! I wear them mostly when running and working out. Pretty good range, and very little signal drop. My old ones would skip a lot if my phone was in my pocket which forced me to buy an arm band for my phone. With these the phone is back in my pocket with no problems at all."		
5	:	"People say that the sound quality is not that good but in my case I find this product really good. The battery life is awesome, just what I needed for the gym. Gym addicts know the importance of soft and comfortable materials and this product provides just that. Buy it!"		
5	:	So awesome. They connected to Bluetooth as soon as I turned it on. Also very comfortable for my ears.		
5	:	Great quality and sound		
4	:	"i liked them, they worked great with my peloton, but I've had them for less than a month and they have totally died. they won't charge or turn on at all.UPDATEThe seller sent me another pair that have been working just fine. I really like these headphones and hope they don???t die again!"		
5	:	Love these and can't beat the price		
2	:	The Bluetooth phone connection is static. Sound quality is only so-so. It is cheaply made.		
5	:	Excellent headphones at a great price. I've used them when I go for a walk and when I go running.Sound quality is great and they stay on your ears.		
4	:	We have only had them one day but the sound is great.		
5	:	They sent me another headphones cos I didn???t like the previous one. Mpow cheetah it???s really really nice ! Super comfy. Definitely recommend it and totally worth the money		
5	:	"The color I ordered is my favorite so that works but its not very loud, my friends think I like my music a little too loud but that's the whole point, right?! Otherwise everything else is perfeck!!!"		
4	:	These are fantastic and super comfortable. The only downfall is the very short battery life. The most battery life I've gotten so far is 5 hours. The battery percentage shown on my phone for them is also inaccurate as at 30% it tends to actually be at about 30 minutes left or less.		
5	:	"Excellent sound, my son loves them, he's been using them for 9 months now with no problems."		
5	:	"Comfortable, sound great. Recommend them."		
5	:	This product has worked awesome for the month iv owned it.. I showed a co worker an explained this product a little bit an told my experience with it an he also had to have one. Recommend this product..		
5	:	"great sound, good runtime"		
1	:	"I gave mine all 1 star because they are super flimsy and dont even stay on/in my ears horrible, I couldnt even wear them ling enough to turn them on and listen to a song at all wish i would have known"		
3	:	"I bought these in late June and they have lasted until now. I use them daily and today when I went to turn them on, the light on the side started blinking blue and red and would not connect to my phone. I wish these had lasted longer because their quality was good to begin with."		
5	:	Great light weight and very comfortable.  Sound is terrific.  Using them in the gym and at home.		
5	:	"I like that they fit in my ear,  I don't have to worry about them falling out or moving around like some other wireless pieces. I had other wireless earphones and only one earbud would turn on. With this set once I sync them they both turn on."		
5	:	Works great for people who have trouble with buds		
4	:	Easy to use great sound		
5	:	Great sound		
5	:	Good quality boyfriend loves them		
5	:	"They work well, have a long battery life, and when I showed them to my friend, she pulled out the ""brand name"" version and they looked the exact same! They fit far better than any other bluetooth headphones I have tried. Great for the price, the carrying case is handy as well."		
5	:	Would buy again		
5	:	Great quality for a great price!		
1	:	This product worked well for a week or so. Then one headphone quit..very disappointed.		
4	:	Product works well and seems very durable.  I would purchase them again		
2	:	Only had for 2 months and they no longer will charge or hold a charge.  This is my second pair that i can't return and will not be getting a 3rd.  I have tried multiple charges to see if was my cord and nothing.		
2	:	Bought this product to wear while mowing the lawn. First time using them was awesome. Good sound. Very good battery life. Easy to connect via Bluetooth. Now for the bad. Went to use for the 2nd time and one ear bud is no longer working. Will buy name brand from here on out.		
4	:	The sound cuts in and out far too much.  I have to stand perfectly still for it not to.  I was riding my bike and my phone was in my front pocket.  Company did something very classy.  After posting my review they sent me a brand new one. No charge and it works as advertised		
5	:	Great product for the price. Super easy to use. Blue and grey is very cute		
1	:	"The headphones worked fine when they arrived but I have only had them for 2 mos. and they do not work at all anymore.  They will not even charge or turn on, definitely cheap and designed to work for a short period of time.  Save your money."		
4	:	Awesome price great build quality.		
5	:	These earbuds are great. I???m very happy with them and bought another set for my daughter.		
5	:	"Purchased two pair because they are that good.  The convenience is unbeatable, quality is top shelf, and they sound great for the price."		
1	:	I'd stay away.  I used my 5/7 days every week and before I had the headphones for three months the left ear began to diminish in volume until now it's almost completely non-existent.		
2	:	"It???s sound is okay except if you are running or doing any activity where you have some lateral movement, in which case the button (which is slightly loose) makes a clicking sound. EVERY SINGLE STEP"		
5	:	This works great for me. I???m loving it more then my beats like forealz.		
5	:	Awesome headphones for the price! Can't get better than this. Must buy!		
5	:	Looks good and work very well .. sounds amazing		
5	:	"Convenient for late night or gym, charge them after you use them. I fall asleep listen in to a book a couple of nights running and then they need a charge. They work great and fit great too."		
5	:	"Works great! No issues, battery life lasts longer than other devices I have. Great for noise canceling for planes and gym use."		
5	:	"So far so good. They work well for an intense weightlifting workout as well as yoga. Still getting used to how they lay on my ears but they do really well. Sound quality is great, just have to find the right size ear bud."		
5	:	The sound is great. Quality excelent. Love the little case. Is very convenient if you travel.		
5	:	Really happy with these headphones & love the color! Great buy!		
2	:	"After two months of use, this product has broken (will turn off and on randomly, will disconnect and reconnect to bluetooth randomly). I would look at a different product if you???re looking for a reliable bluetooth headphone"		
5	:	Great headphones... my husband loves them		
4	:	I have used them a few weeks and I am pleased with the quality of the sound.  Quite impressed.		
1	:	"They didn???t fit my small ears, annoyingly heavy on my ears....worst purchase ever!!"		
5	:	"Beautiful coloring!  Comes with a little pack that seems durable and extra ear pieces!  Easily paired to my phone, fits extremely comfortably, and sound quality is amazing!"		
5	:	I like that this product came with ear tips of varying sizes.  They do not slip out of my ears during the most high impact workouts.  The sound quality is not bad for the price either.  They charge quickly too.		
5	:	Great product! The over the ears feature take some getting used to but it???s so much better than messing with the cords of regular ear buds. I am also amazed at how far u can be from your device and still be in range. Love it!		
5	:	Great sound		
5	:	Love um		
5	:	I've never had headphones that fit me so well!! I have small ear canals so the small buds fit great. Plus all the buttons make it simple to change songs and adjust the volume.		
5	:	"Even after charging the headset overnight, it doesn't turn on.Update: After complaining about the non working earbuds, I received a new one right away and that one worked fine. Good customer service."		
5	:	"Great sound for the price. Powerbeats 2 and 3 have slightly better sound, but this in ear style has its limits. Bluetooth range is around 50ft. Battery life is good too. One full charge lasts 3 workouts I'd say."		
1	:	I bought this product and it was broken within 2 months of ordering. I only wore them a few times. They completely died and they cannot be returned or exchanged at this point. Would not recommend. Beats have a 1 year warranty so I will be using beats going forward instead.		
5	:	Love these. They came quicker than expected and had a cute case to carry them in. Very good quality for the price and are comfortable which really surprised me as these are the first ones I've tried that didn't hurt my ears after awhile.		
5	:	"Love these! They???re comfy, and yet the cancel sound well and the music quality (to me anyway) is great! I love that the buttons for volume power etc is on the actual ear bud and not the cord. Highly recommend!"		
5	:	Very Sturdy and Sound Great. I bought some headphones that were similar to these but they weren't not nearly as sturdy and reliable. The cord feels strong and they are great during my workouts.		
2	:	Liked every part except for the fact that they broke within the first couple weeks. Apparently they're not sweat proof		
5	:	Works great for my job. I listen to audio books and music for hours		
5	:	So far it???s good. Ordered one for me and my girlfriend they work pretty good. For $20 I don???t have much to complain about		
5	:	Love these! They stay in my ears when running or walking. Sound is clear and deep.  Battery lasts. It lasted even after I left them unused for a month. Very happy with my purchase.		
4	:	These headphones are awesome! I wish they would have longer Bluetooth reception. I would prefer to set my phone down while I go running around the track rather than holding it. If they could have like at least a 100ft receptor that would VERY handy!		
5	:	Amazing sound for the price. Great for taking phone calls. Other end hears me clearly even in a noisy environment. Very comfortable to wear. Really love these. Better than my $60 Skull Candy headphones		
5	:	"Have only used them a few times, not exactly sure about battery life at this point. Good sound, fits over The ears well. Several sizes to choose from."		
5	:	very good sounding. much better than beats		
5	:	Iuse them for working out to block the noise. They are very comfortable and I love the battery life.		
4	:	"I want to rate them 4.5 but I can't do .5.... ANYWAYS these earbuds are SOLID.  They're comfortable, lightweight, great sound quality and don't flop around when running or fall off either.  Overall very happy with everything it has to offer."		
5	:	"When my wife first ordered them i thought since they were cheap the sound quality would be cheap, but once I tried them out I was surprised. Adjusted the sound on my phone a little bit and they were perfect. These are great and work well using them at the gym."		
5	:	So far so good. Comfortable and easy to set up.		
4	:	"These connect very easily and the bass is amazing. However, the sound sometimes cuts out a little bit but it usually resolves itself within a minute."		
1	:	I used this product once or twice and it was great. I went to use them again after charging them and they won???t sync to my phone. I???m so angry that I wasted money on this horrible product. DONT BUY		
2	:	"It works well in quiet areas, other than that, I'm told ""I can't hear you"" and I have to disconnect the bluetooth from every call. I will use these as back up. There's  no redial or call waiting feature."		
5	:	I use this for my phone to talk and the listen to recordings as I sleep. The battery life didn't last no more the 24 hours. Unlike my jawbone bluetooth it told me how much battery life I had. With this one I have to guess. But other than that I like it.		
3	:	"I like the headphones overall, but there were missing parts to them. No usb cover- Must have been ripped off and there were no memory foam buds which I was really looking forward to."		
5	:	Great headphones		
1	:	"I am a runner and often buy new sets of headphones. Compared to other products of similar price, the sound lacks quality and the overall feel of it seems cheap. Other than that, it does it work. Also, after a month of use, it doesnt turn on anymore :("		
5	:	We bought these for our son to use while working and it and they have done a great job.		
4	:	"Good sound, but looks a bit weird on. Also the eraplugs er quite big even though you can choose different sizes."		
3	:	Pour sound quality		
5	:	"Love the Headphones,  my first pair of cordless so it seems to me the battery life is short 3-4 hours of continuous use."		
2	:	hurts my ears but works		
5	:	I use it at work and in the pool. Sound quality is great. Price was even better for the quality.		
5	:	Great sound.  Wear them in the shower no problem.		
5	:	I???ve been using them constantly for the last few days. Love the sound quality. Very comfortable as well. Great product for a good price.		
5	:	So far so good. The only issue I have is that the war pieces don???t stay in place when I???m running. This is a minor annoyance.		
1	:	"Although a relatively good product, these headphones gave out after just 1 month of use, and both Amazon and mpow were unresponsive to my request for refund. Save your money and buy something else"		
5	:	"I like these, just wish the volume could go higher."		
4	:	Like everything  It has a good bass.		
5	:	Thank you great headset. They are really great for me because I need headsets that stay charged all day during my 11 hour shift at work and they do that. Also don't fall of my ears so I am really happy		
5	:	Good item for the price!!		
4	:	I like the quality of this product is very light and the sound is very clear.		
3	:	I am impressed with the sound quality.  I have found the the construction is hard. The ear buds ( maybe water tight) is/are stiff. Some think to large for the ear.		
4	:	For the most part I like them the only thing I would like is if told me when I turn it on what the battery life is you know is it 100% charged or is the battery almost dead and the part that go in the ear is a little wierd		
5	:	Really awesome to use! Took some time to get used to but I love it! Has some times where it cuts out but I'm not sure if that's when the battery could be going dead. (This is my first wireless headset). It's really good so far.		
1	:	Disappointed. Loved this product but then they all of a sudden stopped working. Bought on july 20th. Made sure always charged. Headphones say ???power on. Headset connected??? then nothing plays through my iphone 8. Very frustrating!!!		
1	:	I bought this item in May and it no longer takes a charge in August. Piece of crap.		
1	:	"I couldn't get more than 6-8 feet from my phone before I would lose connection.  I even reset the item per instructions from the company, but that didn't work.  Ended up sending back the item."		
5	:	"These headphones work great! I got them for working out and any outdoor activities. So far they produce good sound, are comfortable, and the ease of use and connectivity to Bluetooth is seamless. Very happy with my purchase."		
5	:	Love these headphones! the sound quality is great and when I???m making calls the sound is perfect on both ends! Awesome product with an amazing price !		
5	:	Great sound and longevity of battery		
2	:	The battery only lasts 6 hours. If the phone is on my left hip or I kneel down while I???m working the sound cuts in and out like the signal isn???t strong enough.		
5	:	"Better than expected...I also own a more expensive (5 times more) set, and these (MPOW Flame) sounds much better...so I bought two more as presents...and they loved them..."		
5	:	Perfect.  They work great at the gym.  I???m there daily and they hold up to the challenge every time		
5	:	"I've never used the 200 dollar Beats wireless headphones but I can't imagine they'd be much better than these. Sound quality was great, battery life was super convenient and they just have an awesome look. Would recommend for sure!"		
4	:	stays connected. good sound quality. very comfortable. every now and then blue tooth connection gets weird (dont hold ipod in hand)		
2	:	"I really enjoyed these headphones, fit, style and sound. Unfortunately, it has not even been a month and my headphones will no longer hold a charge. Pretty disappointing."		
5	:	Absolutely love them! Definitely noise cancelling and light. Love that they fit my ear and don't make them sore after a few hours of use. Perfect for listening to music at work :).		
5	:	"Got this product to temporarily replace some other headphones I had lost, however, these headphones are great and I don???t think I will be getting a different pair. They???re comfortable and the sound is great!"		
5	:	Awesome		
5	:	"They work very well!  They stay in my ears without any difficulties, even while I???m working out.  Sometimes they can be a little difficult to put in where they stay in, but I think that???s more user error and not the product itself."		
5	:	Love these  just bought another pair.		
1	:	Left ear has buzzing sound straight after opening the box for the first time.  I'd expect this from something with a $5 price tag.		
5	:	We???ve had these for 2 weeks now. So far so good. Haven???t used them at the gym yet so can???t say if they hold up getting wet.		
4	:	"Great product for the price - good sound and very comfortable while running. It sometimes takes awhile to pair with my moto e phone and Viking tablet, and the provided cord is only like 6"" which makes it difficult to use."		
5	:	Best pair I have ever bought!! I had the Mpow cheetah headphones for about 2 years and they were amazing. I just bought these flames and instantly fell in love! Honestly will never use a different company! I love MPOW!		
1	:	"Good sound, but was not sweat proof. Stopped working during week 5. This is the second pair we have purchased.  The first pair lasted about 2 months. Do not waste your money!"		
5	:	"The headphones work great. Great sound quality, no issues with the battery life or Bluetooth technology. They are a tad uncomfortable in the ear, no matter which size ear bud I use."		
5	:	Just started using my new headphones but so far- I love them . Worked for a conference call while on the go and perfect for when I'm out walking/ running.  Thumbs up		
5	:	I love it.  I can hear  clearly and easy to use. So convenient during workout.		
5	:	Sound is amazing!! Love these headphones!!		
1	:	"Lasted less than a month before it quit on me yesterday. Cam home from the gym to charge it up.....no light, won't turn on. DON""T BUY. Even when it did work I wasn't thrilled with sound quality."		
5	:	love it		
5	:	"This is an awesome pair of headphones. They are high quality, on sound and everything, except for the microphone. If I was reviewing just the microphone it???d probably get 2 stars because it only works if everywhere is silent around it."		
1	:	Worked good fornabout three months until the left speaker quit working. I wouldnt recommend		
5	:	"Battery life is great! First pair had some bluetooth trouble, but they immediately sent a replacement pair and they work great! Great prosuct, great customer service!"		
5	:	Love the color and the case is super convenient!		
5	:	"I was hesitant to spend the money for these headphones, but once they arrived, that doubt went out the window! Beautiful sound and it was easy to connect with my Galaxy S9. ????"		
5	:	Believe the hype. Best headphones on the market compared to competitors in this price range. Know that you???ll still be able to hear people talking but not what they???re saying. Really helps when your distracted by noise or have to work in an open/public space.		
5	:	Own a pair and bought a pair for my 27year-old daughter. Now we both love them!		
5	:	Great battery life. Stays in place when I run and lift. Noise cancellation is out of this world. Well worth the money.		
5	:	Easy to use. Fabulous sound		
4	:	"Good quality as expected from Bose product, but for the price I paid I was disappointed with the Active Noise Cancelling."		
3	:	"I thought, ???geez, I must be doing something wrong??? because they connected the first day to my iPhoneX and then never again. Looks like there a loads of others having the same problem with these Series II headphones - internet chats/forums where nobody is finding a solution. Way too expensive for this to be a flawed product. The day they connected they sounded great, but dead in the water and not able to use them.Update from previous one star review - Amazon did replace them and the second set connects well and sound good - just a bummer this is happening to a lot of people at this price. Still a bit fearful the problem will re-occur some day."		
5	:	Great for Gaming or just listening to Music. BOSE are an Industry Standard.		
5	:	Excellent noise canceling during flying. Phenomenal sound. Easy to use. Very comfortable		
5	:	"Feels like I'm listening to music for the first time all over again. I love the sound quality, how good they feel when wearing them and how seamlessly I can switch from my phone to my laptop or any other device i have paired with them. The only thing I would change is that they tend to heat up my head if I'm even moderately active while wearing them other than that, no complaints. I'm seriously in love with these headphones."		
5	:	"occasional disruption, but smoothes out over a while, doesn't bother too much. could've saved 50 bucks on the black Friday sale, but still a good buy."		
5	:	Love my Bose QuietComfort 35 (Series II) Wireless Headphones. I choose the midnight color option. Overall great product.		
5	:	Love them		
5	:	"I work in an office environment with about 8 people within a 20 ft circle around me and unless they're being really loud, this blocks 95% of their conversations. Drop in a little music and you'll never hear them."		
5	:	"Great headphones, albeit very pricey. Noise cancellation works great, even in loud environments. The app you're supposed to use with it doesn't stay synced very long, at least in my experience, though it only takes a few seconds to reconnect. (The app desyncing doesn't influence your music streaming at all)"		
5	:	I can???t write anything that hasn???t already been said. These are excellent headphones. Expensive but worth every penny.		
5	:	"These are the headphones you want to go for if you're interested in something with a great deal of bass (Beats for bass). These have an even sound to them. The noise cancellation is AMAZING to say the least, and the overall quality is great. I was able to turn the bass up on my phone so they sound great with the bass, but the music is so clear and sounds just so good. The build of the headphones are also great. I bought the SoundTrue wired headphones about 4 years ago, and those were also built wonderfully. I'm not a die-hard Bose fan, but I will say that the quality of their headphones is superb. I hope to see their continued success!"		
3	:	Great noise canceling and very comfortable. Sound quality is average at best.		
5	:	"Work great!!! I bought these for my husband, for travel and for when he works at home. He was very impressed with the comfort and quiet when needed"		
5	:	Worth every penny		
4	:	#NAME?		
5	:	Bought these for my other half for Christmas and she absolutely loves them. Solid look and feel and the audio is great.		
5	:	Dont know about battry life but sound cancelling is fantastic		
5	:	Love them but the noise cancelling isn???t as good as the wired ones.		
5	:	"I just used this during 13 hours flight from US to Japan and it worked very well. It fit comfortably around the ear, and as expected the noise cancellation of Bose reduces the plane noise to acceptable level."		
4	:	Best Noise-Canceling headphones. The only negative is that it keeps your ears warm. If you live in colder climate these will work great as ear muffs.		
5	:	Really cuts out sound. I love it. Best headphones by far. The only thing I get bothered by it is that i've had a few glitches with it. It would say it was connected and would never play my music so I had to disconnect any other devices I had paired with it.		
5	:	"I use the headphones mostly when I go to the gym which is very noisy.  This Bose product is perfect!  It cancels the noise and  has fantastic sound!  I am so surprised about its battery life.  It is very long lasting!  In short, I love my headphones!  I???m not quite sure how to use the built-in Alexi?"		
5	:	"comfortable, amazing sound, worth the cost... can't even compare to headphones/ear buds.  Sorry I didn't get these sooner."		
5	:	Great product but has trouble playing music when laptop is in hibernation and phone is connected since it doesn't disconnect from the laptop so you have to manually disconnect the laptop bluetooth		
5	:	Love google assist!  Syncs with my phone and everything. Noise cancelling is outstanding on the plane. 5 stars!!		
5	:	I tried many different headphones before buying these.  They are outstanding.  Good quality sound and cuts out background noise very well.		
5	:	So amazingly nice when working from home during the summer with the kids.		
5	:	I've been using a set of NC Bose headphones for about 4 years before I decided it was time to upgrade.  I struggled because the cost is high and there are a ton of other options out there these days.  I can't say I've tried those options but spent a decent amount of time reading reviews before I decided to play it safe and go with the latest Bose QC 35 II.  I was not disappointed.  They improved the noise cancelling quite a bit as compared to my old pair of Bose.  Sounds is good.  Not sure it's overwhelmingly great but I'm not an audiophile so that is not critical for me.  Wireless is solid and I've had limited issues connecting to devices.  What I REALLY like is the microphone for phone calls.  Unlike every other headset I've ever used I DON'T get complaints about my audio with these.  Given how much I'm on the phone that is really nice.		
4	:	You get what u pay for - and u pay a lot for these		
5	:	"Great sound quality and noise cancellation, battery lasts a long time even while using Bluetooth and with noise cancellation at the max level."		
5	:	"I love the comfort this Bose headsets provide. The sound quality is above average, expected from a headset at this price range.You can have up to 2 active simultaneous audio sources but you can add a lot more. The Bose App helps on making this process a lot simpler.When the limit of 2 is reached, from the App, you simply deactivate one audio source to activate the desired one.When having both active, the switch between sources is seamless. I currently have my MacBook, iPhone and Fire HD as audio sources whilehaving the MacBook and iPhone active all the time. When I need to use my Fire HD, I simply disable the MacBook. It's that simple.The call quality from my iPhone is excellent. People can't tell I'm using a Bluetooth headset.The price may deter many from looking at this product, but once you have it in your hands, you can't let go. It's that good!"		
5	:	The music quality is amazing and clear! Noise canceling works good and helps elimates most background noise. Makes commuting on BART more enjoyable		
5	:	"Recommended. I had hesitated due to the high price and how bulky ""over the ear earphones"" and their cases are (another bulky gadget to carry in the briefcase when I travel), but now that I have been using them for several months, in multiple flights, I am glad I purchased them. They do reduce the airplane's noise significantly. I can listen to music at lower volume, and I like that it's wireless."		
5	:	"Disclaimer: I'm no audio technician, just a guy who likes watching movies and listening to music, so take my description of the sound however you'd like.Comfort: These are way more comfortable than I anticipated them being.  I have very narrow ear canals, so even the smallest in-ear headphones make my ears hurt after about 45 minutes.  I travel a lot, so I need more than 45 minutes of comfort.  So far, the longest I've worn these is just shy of 8 hours, and my ears felt fine once I took them off.  I have fairly large ears, and the pads don't sit on my ears at all, and even the spots that make contact during wear don't get irritated.  The band does leave an impression on the top of my head (I keep my head shaved/close to shaved), but that must be inevitable because I don't notice the weight of these on my head.  All-in-all, these are SUPER comfortable, and I'd be surprised if you weren't pleased with how they feel after extended listening.Features: The app isn't buggy like I expected, since Bose isn't an app company.  It worked fine for setup purposes, but I haven't used it since.  The action button on the left side is nice, especially because it actually works.  I don't use it for Google assistant, but I do use it to adjust the level of ANC, and it works just fine.  I personally like the button layout on the right side - very intuitive, easy to find/feel, easy to use.  My wife wore these for a bit and disagreed, saying there isn't enough distinction between the buttons and she seemed to hit the wrong ones.  I can't tell Bose enough how much I appreciate having clear and concise VOICE PROMPTS for setup/connection/etc.  It's so nice being able to keep these on my head while switching between devices, and nice having these tell me I have an incoming phone call.  I have them paired with both my iPhone and my Surfacebook 2, and they give me ZERO issues being connected to both devices at all times.  When I turn them on, they tell me that they're connected to both devices; when I have a call coming in, it pauses the music on my computer to announce it, and if I ignore the call it starts the music back up.  I can't get enough o that considering the fact that my last headphones were very buggy when connected to two active devices.  The ANC is phenomenal; even on high, I can hear just enough environmental noise to keep me aware of where people are around me, but it absolutely doesn't interfere with the audio.  I keep it on high at all times, so I can't vouch for the efficiency of the low/med settings.  The battery life is nice - I've used them for about 12 hours spread over 3 days and the lowest battery level was 60% (which it announces when you turn them on; seriously, can't get enough of audible prompts).Sound: I listen to all sorts of music, with the exception of 80s hairband rock, and everything I've listened to sounds great so far.  Enough bass to keep me happy when listening to hip hop/rap, but the vocals shine brightly when listening to everything else (r&b/reggae/country).  I've only watched about 10 minutes worth of a movie with them on, so I won't vouch for how they fare in that arena, but I'll update my review after I get more movie time with them under my belt.Accessories: I haven't used the cable because it's 2018 and I'm not a caveman.  I'm also no sound expert, and these sound quite nice via Bluetooth, so I don't foresee myself ever using it.  The case is nice - it's hard enough that I don't fear for their safety when in my bag, and not big enough that I have to adjust how I pack stuff in my bag.All-in-all, I would consider these perfect for everyone except people who use words like ""lows"" and ""mids"" in headphone reviews.  For schmucks like me, the sound is perfect, the comfort is perfect, and they're nice enough to make me forget I paid $350 for headphones."		
5	:	"Most comfortable headphones I have used, I won't fly without them."		
5	:	"Love them, great to eliminate distractions at work. Sound quality impressive for noise canceling headphones"		
5	:	Loved it. The headphones were comfortable and cancel noise really well. Great for traveling		
5	:	Paid too much. But they were his favorote gift		
5	:	"No surprises, fantastic noise cancelling headphones."		
5	:	"Love it! Great sound, light and seemlees to use"		
4	:	Puts an odd pressure on my right ear when noise cancelling is engaged like I need to pop my ear		
5	:	"Since buying my Bose headphones Q35, I enjoy listening to my music anywhere and anytime without noise interupting."		
5	:	"These noise cancelling headphones are so great - they have multiple settings for noise cancelation, they are so comfortable, they are wireless (also comes with wire). So so so great!! Bose always delivers!"		
5	:	The battery life is insane! I use it daily now and it just works. :-)		
5	:	"Great battery life, incredible sound quality. Definitely will sweat if outside. But i use all the time and while mowing and i barely have to turn up volume when while blade is engaged."		
1	:	"The bluetooth is an absolute nightmare.If you have multiple devices connected, like an iphone and a Mac, you have to physically disconnect one (and make sure it doesn???t reconnect automatically) or you can???t hear audio from the other.When I???m playing audio from my mac, it  frequently skips and I have to turn the headphones off and on to fix it. It???ll randomly go into ???robot mode??? where all sound is crackly (fixed by turning it off and on again)I returned my headphones thinking it might have been faulty hardware, but my next pair was just as bad if not worse.I *strongly* suggest you get the wired QC25s instead. I had those for 3 years and after they broke ???upgraded??? to these"		
2	:	Not what I expected for the retail price paid. This was a gift for a teen as a going back to school present. Unless you have a large head the headphones will fall off. Will send back for credit .		
5	:	These headphones are my new security blanket. I have horrible flying anxiety and being able to put these on and tune everything else out is amazing. Bless these headphones.		
5	:	Love it. Does everything it says it will. I am on a plane at least 5 times a week and use it on every leg. Worth the extra bucks to save your hearing.		
5	:	"I love these Bose headphones. I really had an issue spending this much money, but they were worth every penny!! I got the midnight color, and they are navy blue. Great noise cancelling and AMAZING battery life!"		
5	:	Like the color and are very comfortable.		
5	:	all around great quality! Super comfy on ears. Does tend to slide off easily so be careful.		
5	:	"This is the best traveling companion you can have!  What a difference they make, makes flying so much more comfortable!  Highly recommend!"		
5	:	Awesome product however battery life is short		
5	:	Excellent product and all as expected		
1	:	"Very disappointed, as you need another device (like an iPhone) to control it.  If you simply wish to bring it on a plane, turn on the noise cancellation, and not be connected with any wires (which is what I wanted and expected), you'll need to put up with an annoying voice prompt that tells you you need connect via bluetooth every 20 seconds.  Cannot believe someone actually thought this was a good design."		
5	:	Read the description... enough said		
5	:	Wonderful headphones! Can???t wait for my next flight!		
5	:	"These things are perfect in every way. If I could marry them, there'd be protests, but I'd do it."		
5	:	Enough to break the bank but perhaps the peace and quiet is worth it! : )		
5	:	A must have for any traveler. Airplane noise will never be an issue again. Battery life is very good as well.		
5	:	Great Product. Highly recommend!!		
5	:	After upgrading fiware so that wired usage had noise cancellation features I am happy		
5	:	Worth every penny. Especially on the plane its a lifesaver!!!		
3	:	"Wrote a glowing review immediately after buying these headphones, but this has turned out to one of the worst Bose purchases I ever made.  First the good news: the sound and hardware seem to be as excellent as the Bose reputation.  I had to switch to over-ear phones now that I wear hearing aids and decided to go all out and pay extra for the wireless features, including Alexa compatibility.Ten months later, it's clear that the wireless features are so flawed that they're useless with my iPhone 6.  Like many, I experience sound drop outs for no apparent reason, but the most annoying hassle is that these phones are unable to connect reliably unless you manually reinstall them almost every time.  For many months, they defaulted to my Bluetooth hearing aids no matter what so all I heard was tinny voice frequencies without any bass at all.  I emailed Bose support on all my issues but they never responded.I can link the phones to my iPhone, iPad, MacBook Pro and LG TV.  BUT, unless I manually turn off all but one option, these phones never synch after the initial connection.  Alexa control is a joke because it takes too long to find the app and carry out the option.  Google Assistant isn't much better but the software is clearly biased toward Google products so be forwarned.  I gave up on both after numerous trials and just manually open the app in my iPhone and manually change playlists or whatever else I need to do.  It's much faster and more reliable to use the wired connection, which works flawlessly, but defeats the purpose of buying the wireless capabilities.The connection seems a bit more stable after several iOS updates this year, but sometimes these phones become less stable after an update.  Don't tell me to skip the iOS 12 update: updates make my data more stable and my Apple devices more responsive.  Bose shouldn't advertise a product that's not functional with modern OS.Based on my experience and the lackluster Bose support, think twice before paying more for the Bluetooth versions of these phones."		
5	:	"I love the sound quality and the noise canceling. The bass is not too strong and kicking, good for office and regular use."		
5	:	"I love these! I use them primarily for cross-country air travel and the time just flies buy. Great sound, comfortable fit, and last well."		
5	:	In my office there are A/C and lights that make a noise.  Not loud but constant and dull.  WOW!! not with these.  I am in Heaven.		
5	:	The sound is amazing. The noise attenuation is awesome and the battery life is very good so far. Highly recommend these headphones.		
5	:	"I've always wanted a set of sound-cancelling headphones. I've been reading about them for years. OMG ! These blew me away ! And they do Bluetooth and phonecalls... Oh yes, I'd definitely recommend these to anyone."		
5	:	"Awesome! Just awesome! Bluetooth connectivity is quick. Easy to install and well made, A great buy. I like it so much that I got another pair for my wife."		
5	:	Love them excellent headphones		
5	:	These are great although the Google Assist is still kind of a gimmick.		
5	:	I am in awe of these badboys! Truly remarkable! Took them overseas and couldn't believe how much they cut out engine noise! Would recommend them 1000%! Totally worth the money!		
5	:	These are awesome. I had neighbors driving me crazy with renovation work. I put them on and all the noise went away. I didn't have to blow it my eardrums to drown out the outside world. I absolutely love them.		
5	:	"These made me like Bose.  Light weight, comfortable, great noise cancelling"		
5	:	Ohhhh very good headphones. Highly highly recommended		
5	:	These work great. Tried several other brands with poor results. Happy I bought these.		
4	:	The sound an noise cancelation are wonderful. The installation instructions and Alexa are terrible. I am still using it tethered. The instructions on the phone are unrecognizable. It should be easer. but  I still love the performance.		
5	:	Most comfortable headphones I've ever worn.		
5	:	"Headphones work great, much easier to focus on work in a distracting environment with the noise cancellation."		
5	:	Crazy comfortable. Great battery life.		
5	:	He cannot hear any outside noise when wearing these! THEY WORK.		
5	:	"To date, I have used these primarily for air travel.  For cancelling airplane/airport noise, they are simply amazing.  The sound quality is great as well.For example, when I first got these headphones, I followed my habit of enabling my phone's equalizer to boost the high- and low-end frequencies, something I always did when I used ear buds to listen to music.  However, I was quite surprised to learn that no such equalization is needed for these Bose headphones - a flat equalizer curve produces the best sound, meaning that the speakers' response is incredibly uniform over the entire audio band.  This is no mean feat in such a small a pair of speakers.The noise cancellation works so well that I don't have to turn up the volume in order to listen to music or to watch a video on my phone.  When I was still using earbuds, I had to have my phone's volume set to maximum in order to hear anything over the drone of the plane's engines.  I'm sure this couldn't have been good for my hearing.I like them so much that I am ordering a pair for my wife for her birthday.  In addition, I am ordering an ""A2DP"" Bluetooth USB adapter for my desktop, so I can listen to music while working at my computer and yet ""cut the cord"" at the same time."		
5	:	Love these headphones!! Between the sound quality and the noise canceling I heard nothing but my music and movies on a cross country trip. Haven't tested battery life yet but hope I don't need to. Great buy!		
4	:	"Great sound, I???m having trouble finding right fit though."		
5	:	Works .  My wife says they're wonderful.  Great for working around loud machinery.		
5	:	I received these for Christmas and they're awesome. My Husband bought them for me so I can watch my mindless TV shows that he can't stand. LOL. Works for me!		
5	:	Don???t forget to buy a double prong adapter for airplanes - I did.		
5	:	It works without nonsense. I travel internationally very often.  You won???t find me on a plane without my Bose headphones.		
5	:	Nice noise canceling and perfect for long flights		
5	:	"Wow, I'm not often surprised, but I was the second I turned these on; they are true noise cancelling.  Ambient noise is muffled, while allowing for attenuated, crystal clear voices.  Amazing music sound of course!"		
5	:	I bought these as a gift for my boyfriend. He absolutely loves them.		
5	:	Beats BEATS by far!! Second pair.		
5	:	"These work great when I am mowing with my lawn tractor.  I can just barely hear that the mower is running but the music sound great.Originally bought the Sony noise canceling headphones but when it came in the unopened box, one of the ear pieces was already broken off. I returned them and bought the Bose."		
3	:	When they worked they are the best headphones ever. But they constantly cut on and off. And the battery drain over night was pretty rapid.		
4	:	The fit and sound are great. Way better than the Dennon headphones I purchased last year. Those actually fell a apart.		
5	:	I love these!!!!!!!  They work fantastic!!!!!		
4	:	I used it when I travel around the world. Great noise cancellation.		
5	:	Best headphones I've encountered under the $1000+ range. Beautiful sound and elegant style.		
5	:	The best headphones!!		
4	:	Very quiet and comfortable. Pretty much as advertised. I like going to my fitness center with these. I can choose my own music and not have annoying gym music detract from my visit. Had them for a few weeks now and I am quite pleased but the item was not a hit with my wallet; they are expensive.		
5	:	These are awesome!  Highly recommend.		
5	:	If you travel a lot don't second guess this purchase		
5	:	"Great headphones!  I can wear them while on the treadmill and not have to turn up the volume on the computer or phone due to background noise.  They are really comfortable, too."		
5	:	Best sounding headphones ever		
5	:	love them		
5	:	One of the best things I've ever bought. Bose will always be number 1 for me. The sound quality is super good. I really don't think there is a more comfortable headphone than this. Worth every dollar!		
5	:	Authentic. Only thing I use when traveling.		
5	:	"BUILD QUALITY AND FIT: The build quality is excellent and I feel confident that it will last for a long time. It fits both me and my wife very well and both of us have found it to be very comfortable (better than Sony WH1000XM2). I have been using it for 3-5 hours in the office on a daily basis.SOUND: The sound is clean and crisp. If you prefer headphones with high bass, these are probably not for you.NOISE CANCELLATION: I find the noise-cancellation to be amazing! It cancels all ambient noise like noise inside airplanes or noise from AC. You will still be able to hear people talk and other random noises when noise cancellation is on and no music is playing. When music is being played at low volume and noise cancellation is on, I am unable to hear any outside noise. Noise cancellation works even if you don't pair it with any device.APPEARANCE: I am not a fan of the silver one, but the black one looks slick.CONNECTIVITY: Getting it connected with Nexus 6P was effortless. I struggled a lot to get it connected with my Windows 7 laptop which I use for work. Finally after a lot of trial and error, I was able to do it. I believe this is an issue with Windows 7 drivers. The blue tooth range is at least a good 30 feet. Switching between devices is again very easy.CONTROLS: The right ear cup has buttons for switching on/off, control volume, skips songs, and pause/continue. They are very convenient, since I don't have to locate/unlock the phone. These works very well with my phone. However skip/pause/continue doesn't work  with my laptop.The right ear cup has a button for google assistant/noise cancellation control. The on/off button can also be used to switch between multiple devices.BATTERY: Battery lasts at least 20 hours as advertised.MIC: I have used it for making phone calls and it works very well.QC35 I vs QC35 II: If you already own QC35 I, I don't see much value in upgrading. If you are trying to decide which one to buy, I think the extra $20 is worth it. Even if you don't use google assistant (like me), you can program it to change the noise cancelling levels (without going through the app).BOTTOM LINE : If you are looking for a really comfortable pair of noise-cancelling headphones with clean sound, get this one! If you prefer headphones with extra bass and if comfort is not an important factor, look elsewhere."		
4	:	Wonderful headphones with impeccable noise cancellation. Sounds at par with the best out-there..		
5	:	"Everything sound, weight, and battery life"		
5	:	"works great . I barely use it but I have no problems with it, sounds great"		
3	:	My headphones wont connect to my phone when the batteries get to 60%.  Could be surroundings which are preventing it?		
4	:	Love these headphones although I wish it had a little more bass other than that everything else is perfect. But I really  want to thank world wide stereo for the amazing customer services; they responded to my question quickly and delivered the item quickly.		
5	:	"This is my first noise-cancelling headphone. It works great. Though, sometimes, the connection interrupts, it might due to my iPhone."		
5	:	These are so comfortable and the sound quality and noise reduction are excellent!		
4	:	Material seems slightly cheap. Noise canceling feature works but it would be nice to have a higher quality for that. Battery life was great! 14 hour flight to Asia and no charging necessary was a true delight!		
5	:	"Had the second gen for over 12 years and just died. Amazing improvements, super light and comfortable - never fly without them"		
5	:	Bought 2 - one for work and one for home.		
5	:	I just love those; they help me go through the day in an open space at my office ;P		
5	:	"My husband gave these to me for Christmas, and I love them! They are very comfortable and the sound is outstanding!"		
5	:	Love this product. Noise cancelling works better than I would expect. Sound is great!		
5	:	"They are a dream during flights! The sound quality is pretty decent too (as far as an amateur listener like me can discern). So far, the battery has performed well too - despite taking these headphones to some really cold places (up to -8 deg C)!"		
5	:	A.M.A.Z.I.N.G. ......that's it!!		
5	:	Comfy and great outside sound canceling!		
5	:	A great product by Sony		
5	:	Great for canceling out noise at work.		
5	:	"top notch headphones, high quality"		
5	:	"I used it mainly at the gym and airplanes. Highly recommend it if you want to block outside noise, and great sound quality"		
5	:	Totally blocks out surrounding noise and distractions!  Sound is excellent!		
5	:	I bought these for my husband. He can not stop raving about them. Well worth the money!		
5	:	This is my second pair i gave the originals to a house guest  that was traveling by air and the noise canceling makes that an entirely different experience.		
4	:	I bought this as an open box though not cheaper.  Why? Anyway it has contained a fair bit of static right near my phone with bluetooth.  Sendind back. Hopefully without static.		
5	:	you know the question		
3	:	"Did you work for me, too hot and uncomfortable."		
5	:	"Bose at it???s best. It,s exceptionally quiet. I didn???t even hear a baby crying in the next row and enjoyed my movie"		
5	:	"Love my Bose headset,  they are the best.Unlike the Sony headset the Bose headset you can turn it on high volume and nobody can hear it.Extremely satisfied."		
5	:	"you will not regret buying these ! I sleep kn them (not recommended but that???s how comfortable they are) my day begins and ends with them on and the pairing and functionality is a breeze. 5 stars all the way.If you can get two pair get two , one for home one for travel."		
5	:	Awesome sound quality and comfort in a Bluetooth Noise Cancelling Headphone.		
5	:	"great sound quality and noise cancellation, and very comfortable to wear for hours."		
5	:	This is one of the best headset that money can by IMO. Eaay to carry and use especially for air travel. Now I bought total of 3!!		
5	:	perfect for travel		
4	:	Use it strictly for travel and enjoy them.  Some flights are 10+ hours and they are comfortable.		
5	:	Quality sound and quality noise control		
5	:	"I got this as a gift for my ex, but now I have to attend her funeral. I gave it to her and she immediately put it on so she wouldn't have to hear me. Anyways, I left the house. I guess she forgot she was cooking and was too busy ignoring me, but a fire started and she didn't hear the alarms or people screaming at her. 10/10 would buy for an ex again.On a more serious note: I got these because I have really sensitive ears and my brain occasionally switches to ""let's hear everything"" mode. I'll be sitting at my desk working with earbuds in, listening to a podcast or some music and simultaneously 3 conversations around me. It's not very fun, to be completely honest, and I feel terrible eavesdropping.The complaint that people state of the ""cabin"" is somewhat accurate, as is the point that they don't eliminate all noises. There are certain noises that will go through, some voices will be heard somewhat clear, whereas others will be completely nullified. Distance, angle, and more factors, certainly.Anyways, I'll start with the ""bad"":Cabin-like. Imagine you're placed in a glass box. That's how it sounds. If that's hard to imagine, basically everything around you is heard through a wall. If that's hard to imagine, think about Darksight from DnD. You have a 60 foot ""hear radius"". These headphones halve that. You now have a 30 foot ""hear radius"". Ok, I think I'm done beating this horse. The cabin seems to be most noticeable when the ANC is off, at least in my opinion. It also makes me extremely thirsty, which is good because I always forget to hydrate. So this ends up being a plus in my book. (I had to pee 6 times today. That's 5 more than I normally do.)Noise elimination. The first thing I did when I put them on was to click my nails against my desk. I couldn't hear a thing, so I did it harder and harder until it hurt my fingers. I couldn't hear a thing. Tapping my nails on my keyboard, however, made a noticeable sound immediately. It's hard to tell how ""quiet"" or ""loud"" it was, since I didn't really hear anything else (no music) and, again, my ears are very sensitive to sound.The app used to connect the headphones is very straightforward. I can't speak about the android one because my android is currently just an alarm clock because it lags from having notifications. Right away, when you connect it, your phone will start downloading a firmware update. Don't worry, the update won't turn off your headphones, yet. When the download finishes (it takes about an hour of your phone being on the app, I'm not sure if it needs to be the active app, but I left it as such with the screen on because it was going slowly until I did so), then you  can update and your headphones will be ""offline"" for about a minute. Yeah, sucks, but whatever. The update gave it audio-share capabilities, which is cool but I don't have friends, so.. I guess it's cool?The app tells you the ANC level, let's you turn off Text to Speech (you hear beeps instead, similar to an Alexa), and controls a few other controls. I didn't use the Google Assistant because I try to be aware of how much noise I make and talking to myself is something I reserve for when I'm in the car. I tried to use the music player, but it currently only connects to two systems, Apple Music and some weird podcast thing. It does integrate into your music player (to access the basic playback functionality), but it doesn't give you fine controls. Not a big deal because swapping apps isn't hard, and swapping tracks is made easy with the headset. There's probably something else the app does but I can't check because the headphones are in my bag and turned off.The only complaint that I have is that the headphones are nice and tight which is great when they're on, but if I put them around my neck they're trying to strangle me. I guess I don't have to worry about them falling off if I do a backflip, but I'm not flexible enough for a backflip and I like to breath... maybe I can use it for erotic asphyxiation?I guess I can complain about how much noise I make because I can't really hear how much noise I make so I'm super paranoid, and I also think I start whispering because I know it's easy to talk loudly or yell when you can't hear yourself. Nobody has complained thus far, but it's only one day in. Actually, that's not true, today there were lots of complaints about the office being quiet. I swear it's not my fault. I just didn't want to butt into everyone's conversations."		
5	:	So comfortable. If you travel often these are perfect		
5	:	Amazing sound quality and the battery last forever. I had it on over night and the battery didn???t even go down 1%		
5	:	Great headphones and very comfortable... Just a bit expensive specially after seeing the new Sony wh-1000-XM2 which is way more refined from the last gen reach 298$.And this with the Google Assistant button addition only is still 350$.But otherwise I love the comfort and quality.		
5	:	Fantastic. Sound great and makes air travel solitary		
5	:	Love this headset. Use it all the time while flying. Great noise cancelling. Sound is super.		
5	:	Great sound and easy set up. The ear cups are very comfortable.		
3	:	"Bluetooth sound quality terrible when connected to MacBookPro. Bluetooth works fine connected to iPhone.  Corded connection sound quality is excellent on both devices.  Headphones squeeze around the ears, not comfortable for more than 30 minutes at a time."		
4	:	"It's Bose, a little pricey but good quality."		
5	:	These are great quality and perfect for watching movies or listening to music on the plane! I bought the wired version years ago and it was time for an upgrade- I do not regret it!		
5	:	"Amazing headphones! Super comfortable, great sound, excellent at eliminating surrounding noises. Perfect for airplanes and travel"		
5	:	Perfect for watching TV when others prefer to read....long lasting and easy to use.		
5	:	"Had them for about a week, excellent build quality and sound with nice clean highs and great bass.The noise cancellation is the best in the game and you can hardly hear anything with it on high.Tldr great buy, worth the money"		
5	:	The best headset I ever owned!!!		
5	:	I'm very sensitive to noise and I've been using Bose for many years. They never let me down.		
5	:	Best headphones in the market for this price! ??????		
5	:	Loving them!! The noise cancellation is awesome and the quality of music is pretty good.		
5	:	Fantastic! So nice on an airplane!		
1	:	Poor		
5	:	So worth the money one of the best purchases I???ve ever made you won???t regret it		
5	:	"Bought these for my dad. He had several other brands and these are the best ones he's ever used. The noise cancelling is amazing! Small travel case, great sound and battery life! AMAZING HEADPHONES! A MUST OWN for anyone who travels a lot."		
5	:	I love them. Definitely must have. I couldn???t hear anybody when wearing them????		
5	:	Best headphones on the market. Quite expensive but they work flawlessly		
4	:	Sound is remarkable as all Bose equipment is.  Bluetooth pairing was reasonably easy. noise cancellation on air travel was great.  Only drawback was they are spendy .. you get what you pay for.		
5	:	Excellent		
5	:	Bought these as a gift for someone who finds it hard to enjoy a few minutes for quiet time with two small kids.  Works like a charm!		
5	:	Love these especially for travel and office work!		
5	:	"My husband loves them, best birthday present."		
5	:	Sound quality and  Noise cancellation are fantastic and the wireless operation is a real joy.  The Comfort is not overstated.  Great experience.		
5	:	"Excellent purchase, 100% recommended. The best headphones I???ve ever had, I have the gray ones, super chic ;)"		
5	:	Like them a lot; saves my ears at work.		
4	:	Wasn???t as loud as I had anticipated.  Great otherwise!!!		
4	:	great headphones		
5	:	"Best audio I have ever heard, Listening to remastered Led Zeppelin on these is like listening to the songs for the first time, little nuances you never noticed."		
5	:	Bose - Nothing else needs to be said to explain!		
5	:	These headphones are great but they didn't work withbour TV so sent them back for that reason only.		
5	:	Used them on a trip to London and they were perfect		
5	:	Simply Amazing!!!!  Great sound quality.  Battery life ridiculous.  Love it.		
5	:	They work!!!		
5	:	"What to say, I loved the series I and this is even better. Probably is the best of its kind: comfortable, sound quality, noise canceling and battery life."		
5	:	Love these headphones !!!!!		
5	:	Two words...ear candy! This headset is nirvana to my ears. The sound and quality of the headset is fantastic. The app actually lets two Bose headsets listen in on the same music. I am impressed.		
5	:	Quality head phones and worth the price!		
5	:	Extremely comfortable! Great sound quality! Premium design! Highly recommended!		
5	:	I have always purchased genuine BOSE products. I can depend on the workmanship and performanceBrand  recognition is critical when you want  worry free purchases.		
5	:	"I'm so happy with these, I'm thinking about buying another pair, for no explicable reason."		
5	:	Works great!		
5	:	Great product overall but the price is a bit expensive		
4	:	"Great headphones. My only issue is the creaking sounds of the synthetic leather ear cushions, which can be heard when listening to quieter music. Not so great, unless you've got a leather fetish or something."		
5	:	Love BOSE headphones! Better then expected!		
5	:	Great sound and comfort. Can pair multiple devices at the same time e.g. PC and phone.		
5	:	A product that delivers on its promises!		
5	:	It over met my expectations!!		
2	:	"I never write reviews but I'm pissed!!!I am a long customer of Bose. I've spent a lot of money with them and these are by far the most disappointing product I have ever received from them. The bluetooth cuts out constantly, like all the time. The music streaming is super low quality. For 350 bucks, not supporting a high quality bluetooth codec like AptX is ridiculous. Why buy them at all if they sound terrible? aside from the sound, the noise cancelling is good but puts a large amount of pressure on your ears, the high setting is pretty noticeable.did you know you cant use these without an app? you have to, and its a terrible app. Sometimes it never loaded at all. the google assistant never really worked either. it just tells you if you have notifications but it never let me complete setup and I never received full functionality.For 350 plus tax, Its not even remotely worth it... I bought the new nuraphones instead, you should check those out for 20 bucks more, they are incredible. Don't waste your money on these headphones....this is not like Bose, they are usually great products, but not this time."		
5	:	What is not to like?		
5	:	A great investment for a student when they need to concentrate! The noise cancelling really works especially when music is playing too. I also like how they can connect to multiple devices at once! I just wish they came in more colors.		
5	:	Gave these to my husband as a Christmas gift. He said you couldn???t hear other people when you had them on. The battery last quite awhile.		
3	:	Would give five starts if it had better connectivity. Struggled a lot with pairing it to the laptop and faced many stuttering problems		
5	:	Bought as a gift.  He loves them and the sound is excellent. Very comfortable on the ears.		
1	:	I love the Bose headphones but the ones I received through Amazon didn't work and took a lot of effort to download the proper apps to sync with my iPhone and IPAD. I took them on a flight and I couldn't use them.  I called BOSE again they said they were faulty and will exchange them for me. I'm disappointed in the hassle-factor but am looking forward to new ones that work!		
4	:	"Wouldn't call them noise ""canceling"", but they are really comfortable!  Nice buy."		
5	:	Excellent product		
5	:	Fantastic product. I love it.		
4	:	so far so good. Great noise cancelation. Would love to have a cover for these in order to wear out cutting grass. Comfortable and light weight.		
5	:	I love using these for listening to music anywhere since the noise cancellation is great. It doesn???t always block out everything but it does a good job. I mostly use them on flights (without Bluetooth) and love them for noise cancellation and peace on any flight.		
5	:	"Amazing sound quality, clarity and battery life. Essential for any traveler."		
5	:	amazing sound coming from it. Love Bose! Crisp effects but could use a bit more bass.		
5	:	"the best earphones, really  They cut out engine noise very well"		
5	:	Very happy with my purchase		
5	:	Christmas present- very well received!		
5	:	I bought these on black Friday and after reading the reviews. I must say that these headphones fit and sound great. No issues with connectivity and the noise cancellations is impressive. I look forward to enjoying them for a very long time.		
5	:	It is an awesome headset..It is lightweight. And it produces and vibrant sound...It has a powerful bass.		
3	:	Sound cuts off a couple of times per minute when I walk with cellphone in my pocket. This is very anoying. No problem when I hold cellphone in my hand outside my pocket.		
5	:	I liked that I was not connected to a cord.  I have used them several times since purchasing them from travel on planes to use them when I vacuum.  They do a great job of cancelling the noise of the vacuum.		
4	:	"Work great, just expensive."		
5	:	"Perfect, great sound and keeps the outside noise out while I am listening to music or movies."		
5	:	Awesome. I love these.		
5	:	"Amazing comfort, sound doesn???t distort at all at higher volumes. Makes everything sound great"		
5	:	"These replaced my corded QC15s of which I had three pairs.Still not sure I like the idea of a proprietary battery, as it was easy to just carry AAAs around when you were going on a trip, but it works very well, sound insulation better I think and bluetooth pairing works well and sounds fine.Still not the best music sound compared to things like B&W P7 or Sennheiser momentums (have both) but nothing comes close to the total solution when you're getting on an airplane for 8 hours and want noise canceling. Very comfortable for a trip that long - not so either of the above."		
5	:	"Great Quality, clear and crisp. Great for music."		
5	:	The best of the best.		
1	:	"I can comfortably wear my Plantronics Voyager Focus UC all day long, but after about a half hour, the top of my head hurts where the Bose Quiet Comfort (not) 35 Series II rests."		
5	:	Working great so far!		
5	:	Fantastic noise cancellation. Wireless feature WITH a plug-in capability as well for planes gives you the best of both worlds. Worth every penny!		
5	:	Great sound. Compared with similar popular products at brick and mortar before deciding this was the right one to buy.		
5	:	Always wanted a pair of these and they are SWEET!!		
5	:	Bought as a Xmas gift for my son.  He enjoys them!!		
5	:	Simply WONDERFUL!!  I so love the noise cancelling!!!		
5	:	excellent service! I got the product working superbly. Thank you for everything.		
5	:	Best investment ever! Truly noise cancelling		
5	:	Amazing noise canceling headphones. Sounds great too		
5	:	Nice sound and good sound blocking		
5	:	The best I ever had.		
4	:	"These head phones are the best, however, this item did not come with the airplane adapter. Very disappointed in this not being included. I purchased the series 1 at xmas as a gift and the adapter was included."		
3	:	Good noise cancelling.  Hassle to get fired up.  Must have a compatible smart phone to get the headphones operational.		
5	:	What a great headphone.		
5	:	Bought these to take on airline flight and really helped to cancel the noise of the airplane engines and the sound quality when listening to music was exceptional.		
5	:	husband LOVES these!!		
5	:	Great Find..love the noise cancellation		
5	:	Best phones for the flight		
5	:	what else I can say. Bose name tells you everything you need to hear		
5	:	"Easy to setup, sound canceling is incredible, & music is unbelievable.  Highly recommended."		
5	:	I love everything about them. Best purchase I have made in a long time.  I am very thankful I doled out the extra money for these ones.  Worth every penny.		
4	:	"Pros : Well built, very good noice cancellation, sits well on the ears.Cons: I would have expected a much better sound from such a high end piece."		
5	:	Excellent sound		
5	:	"Comfort, mutes outside noise and easy to use.Comes with a handy storage case.Nothing to dislike although somewhat pricey."		
5	:	"These headphones have great sound, just what you expect from a Bose product. The noise cancelling blocks out all unwanted plane noise."		
5	:	Best noise cancelling headphones on the market. Enough said.		
5	:	"These headphones are absolutely amazing, the sound quality is the best i have had in headphones, and the noise cancellation was amazing and it took a very short time to charge."		
5	:	"the hardwire cable started going intermittent after about 3 weeks, I returned replaced and work great."		
5	:	You won???t believe it in less you try them. Amazing noise cancelling feature and easy set up		
5	:	Confortable and really nice sound quality		
5	:	Better than I expected.		
5	:	absolutely love everything about these headphones but wish I could listen to TV with them on as well.		
5	:	The picture doesn???t show the color very well. It???s more like a very dark blue		
4	:	gift		
5	:	"Just fantastic when traveling, it???s like being on a tropical island."		
4	:	"The noise canceling worked FANTASTIC. I am not sure why but I felt motion sick when I used them. I used them for 30 minutes and knew that even though I could not hear my SUV start or engine noise when I was driving, they are not for me."		
5	:	"These are great! Comfortable to wear for long periods and the quality or noise cancellation is the best I've tried. There was a bit of a weird smell when they were first out of the box, but it went away within a few weeks."		
5	:	Some aircraft are very loud.  This works for most of them.		
5	:	Comfortable. Beautifully designed. Great noise cancellation. Outstanding audio quality.		
5	:	"I am new to the headphone game, but I'm glad I didn't go cheap.  Noise cancellation is the ticket.  Very comfortable with my larger head."		
5	:	Better than ever expected		
5	:	Nothing like it		
5	:	great stuff		
5	:	Great		
5	:	The battery Life on the Bose Wuiet comfort series 2 is unbelievable. I would go days maybe weeks without charging them as I only use them for my train commute to work. Definitely recommend this item.		
5	:	"It came down to either these or the Sony WH1000.  They both produce great sound and have great noise cancellation, but I find the Bose to be more comfortable for wearing long term, as I wear mine for 80% of my workday."		
5	:	Great product. Bought three.		
5	:	Very comfortable and great sound.The battery life is very long as well.		
5	:	Best ever!!!!		
4	:	"Thoroughly enjoying this wireless sound reduction headset. It is comfortable, easy to adjust and the sound is quite good."		
5	:	"Great for phone and conference calls, listening to music, and silencing the terrible hum of an airplane engine."		
5	:	"I use these things all the time. Working out, flights, phone calls while doing house chores. Super comfy. Super quiet. Their name makes sense."		
5	:	"The noise cancellation is incredible, it???s like being in a sensory deprivation chamber."		
5	:	"Great product. Really like the improvements, especially seamlessly switching between two devices. Battery life if outstanding."		
4	:	"I like the sound of music and noise cancellation very much. I paired it easily with my iPhone but am not able to pair it with my iPad, so I have to use wired connection. If it was easy to pair with the second device I could give 5 stars"		
5	:	"I use these all day every day and they work perfect. I love the Android app as well, a great supplement."		
5	:	"Sounds good only,"		
4	:	Perhaps too technical for this grammy but sounds great! Will likely be happier once I have the time to review how to use these properly but certainly happy with the purchase!		
5	:	Incredibly awesome!		
5	:	Great sound deeper bass when you turn off sound cancelling.		
5	:	Handles dual BT connection well. Fine sound quality for music and for both ends of a phone conversation. And it literally tells you when you turn it on what devices are connected and how much battery life remains. Very nice.		
5	:	"i have the corded version and gifted myself the bluetooth version.sound is great, battery life is very good.These are must haves for anyone that travels for work or pleasure."		
5	:	Bluetooth and noise cancelling?! No turning back. Awesome product so far.		
5	:	"Bought these for my wife, she loves these and the quiet they give her while doing her meditations, very comfortable and good battery life."		
5	:	"Great... Love the sound, the light feel of the ????.. Supurb.."		
5	:	Best headphones I've ever had. I've had ALOT. Fantastic noise cancelling. Super comfy.		
5	:	"These have been amazing.  Easy to use, comfortable, and very effective.  Makes a huge difference on long flights."		
5	:	"Hands down, expensive but you will never regret this purchase. I work in a noise environment and it makes it easy to focus."		
5	:	Absolutely love these headphones. Bose is always reliable in product quality. The headphones came the second day and are absolutely amazing		
5	:	It works as expected. It covers and surrounds my ears comfortably and its sounds with noise cancellation are great. It's a good companion of traveling except in hot summer.		
5	:	Very happy		
5	:	We use Bose headset for all of our employees to help with the open environment we have. They have always been an amazing asset.		
5	:	I use these every day. The battery chargers super fast and the battery life is great. These are a most have if you work in a office.		
5	:	Use these when recording voice tracks for animation projects.		
5	:	I absolutely love these headphones!  the sound quality is top-notch and the noise cancelling works great!!  they are also good to use for phone calls.		
5	:	Very comforrable.  Super noise reduction on planes.  Blue Tooth works So well that I use them for phone calls in my home office		
2	:	"I live in a loud neighborhood and was hoping this would at least muffle some of the sounds. It doesn't. You can hear motorcycles, boom cars, sports cars, and car horns when you have them on.These noise 'cancelling' headphones only cancel out some noises, like general ambient noise. I guess it's just used for people on airplanes."		
5	:	My oldest son swears by these great wireless head phones		
5	:	Excellent noise isolation for places like open space offices or just sitting in other's salon while they watch TV.		
5	:	"Lightweight, comfortable, great noise cancelling.  Extremely easy to pair with multiile devices and delivers amazing sound quality."		
5	:	Use for travel		
5	:	BEST HEADPHONES EVER. I will never go back to another brand.		
5	:	"I debated upgrading from the wired version. Totally worth it, these are the best Bose yet."		
5	:	Typical Bose		
5	:	"Without a doubt the best active noise canceling headphones you can get. They work wonderful and the battery lasts forever. Not the best VALUE, but if you don???t mind spending the money they are unmatched."		
3	:	"Like how sturdy the headphones are built. However, the noise cancelling is just okay not too impressed. Battery life has been great"		
5	:	In love....great sound!		
5	:	One of the best headphones I have owned. The noise cancellation is awesome. I never go on a flight without this one.		
4	:	Superior airplane noise cancellation.		
5	:	"Expensive, but oh so worth it. I couldn't travel without these now!!!!!"		
5	:	like it for my music life		
5	:	Great Pair of headphones. Definitely worth the extra cost		
2	:	"1.THE INTERNAL BATTERY TOOK TOO LONG TO CHARGE (6 HRS).2. INTERFACING WITH THE BOSE APP WAS NOT EASY.3. THE SOUND WAS NOT CHANGED AT ALL FROM THE QC-25 I HAD A YEAR AGO.4. COULD NOT TELL THE DIFFERENCE OF THE THREE STAGES OF THE NOISE CANCELLING FEATURE AT ALL--.5.  AND LASTLY, THE VOLUME WAS PIDDLY!!!! I LOVE HARD ROCK AND THESE CANS WERE NOT UP TO THE TASK OF BLOWING ME AWAY. THEY WERE COMFORTABLE, BUT I JUST DIDNT GET ALL THE BELLS AND WHISTLES.ALSO I WAS TOLD I COULD PLAY WIRELESS WITH MY IPOD AS LONG AS THE BLUETOOTH # WAS A CERTAIN NUMBER. MINE APPARENTLY WASNT. NOT A GOOD EXPERIENCE. MY ADVICE: STICK WITH THE QC-25'S. THEY ARE A LOT SIMPLER TO USE!"		
5	:	Love these headphones.		
5	:	"Very comfortable, also the ANC is definitely top notch and I've compared it to other similar brands/products such as the Sony 1000 MRX and testify that these headphones are at the very least on par, if not better in some circumstances."		
5	:	"These are just great. Downside is that I expect them to be a bit hot, come summer."		
5	:	"A must have for commuting.  Tunes out all the noise, makes the whole situation much more pleasant.  Great noise reduction.  And an impressive battery life."		
5	:	Best headphone I ever have.		
5	:	Battery life understandably is not that great but I won???t ever use it for more than a couple hours straight to give my ears some breathing room so it???s not that big of an issue.		
3	:	"For the price, I expect better.  The sound quality (when the sound is continuous) is great, and they are really comfortable.  I watched a ton of reviews on the Sony, Sennheiser and Audio Technica competitors before purchasing these, and I'm pretty sure they win hands down in the comfort category.But I did not expect the frequently chopping of small sections, out of songs (by frequent I mean every other song), I did expect firmware updates to make the issue worse.  I expect my bluetooth fidelity to be better than my $70 bluetooth workout headphones.I have a macbook pro for work, a custom build PC at home and a 2-in-1 for mobile stuff, and the sound issue happens on ALL OF THEM.  But none of my other devices seem to have this choppy sound problem.  It is very, very irritating.I did not expect to go to the Bose forums for answers on why the audio kept clipping, and find that TONS of users had either returned their device, had it replaced (and experienced the same issue afterward, btw) by bose or downgraded their firmware, just to try and get their money's worth out of it.  The issue has been ongoing since 2016, and I bought these in February of 2018.The worst part is... I don't know if I should return them.  They are very comfortable, and when I zone out enough to ignore the chopping, they sound good.  But, honestly, if I had the choice of buying them again, I wouldn't."		
5	:	Sounds like a movie theater with no background noise. Used on a flight... perfect.		
4	:	To big		
5	:	"First time purchasing Bose product, it???s 100 times better than beat. Don???t waste the 100 bucks and ignore the quality of the equipment"		
4	:	I somehow expected better noise cancellation. Sound clarity is amazing though. Super comfortable.		
5	:	Simply the best product on the market today.		
5	:	Preciousness engineering .. ashetic .. compact ..mindbkaong sound ... excellent noise cancellation .. kick ass????		
5	:	Excellent		
5	:	"Amazing sound quality, battery life is great!!!"		
5	:	"I am a headphone guru, I have owned the following, from time to time: Sennheiser HD 800, 650, 600, AKG K701, K702, Grado RS-1, 325, BeyerDynamic T1, T50, 880 Pro 600ohm, 990, Bose QC20, 25, 30, 35, Wireless Sports, Jaybird X1, X2, and other many AKG/Audio Technica earbuds. So you can take a reference my experiences :)Conclusion of Anker Sound Buds:- Wearing comfort: 9 out of 10, VERY comfortable and fit into the ear deeply and tightly- Sound Quality: 8 out of 10, comparative to earbuds up to $149 USD. Too much bass for me, clear and comfortable mid and high- Playback time: 10 out of 10, haven't seen a known brand has >12hrs playtime earbuds. Probably Anker knows better how to maximize battery power usage by design- Noise reduction: I am not familiar with CVC, but it doesn't seem to be an active noise cancellation like my Bose Q series, which you would notice an obvious switch when coming to NR on/off. It's about 6~70% noise reduction power of comparing to Bose QC30.Summary: 9 out of 10. I would highly recommend this earbuds to ANYONE who is looking for a budgeted, long play time blue tooth earbuds, which sound quality matters at any kind (preferably pop music, as the bass is a bit too much comparing to other earbuds / headphones). Given the price, it's a no brainier pick."		
1	:	"These headphones sound alright for the price, and the battery life is great. However, I bought them as running headphones, which these are terrible for. They do not handle sweat well at all (despite claiming they offer two layers of sweat protection). They are loud enough to about 30% volume for a bit, but at about 10 minutes into my runs, they become muffled to the point you can hear basically nothing but the vocals on full blast. They also do not stay in my ears at all, despite there being about 10 different sizes for the buds. I heard good things about these headphones and really wanted to like them, but they are just not good for running.Update: The pair I have won't even charge anymore. Only 2 months old.Updated 2: After contacting Anker, they are sending me a new pair, no questions asked.Update 3: The new pair is working much better. They are staying in my ears a lot better, and they don't seem to be getting blocked out from sweat this time. And best of all, they actually charge and work!Update 4: The new pair now doesn't turn off properly. They make the sound like they are turned off and they disconnect from my phone, but the LED light remains on. They die within a few hours, so I have to leave them permanently plugged in when not in use. I really hate these things and wish I had never bought them at this point.Updated 5: As of early June, the third pair no longer turns on. These headphones are garbage for runing, and I am guessing not actually sweat proof (like advertised)."		
5	:	"I came from a pair of JayBird X2's - one of the top wireless headphones, that were $120 at the time of purchase.The immediate problem with the X2's was the lack of ear hook: something that I seem to require on all of my personal headphones.  Everything just falls out, no matter how much adjusting I do!  So, kudos to Anker for helping a guy with big ears out, there...I was also worried these wouldn't live up to the X2's sound quality, but I was proven VERY wrong.  They sound incredible, and I couldn't be happier.  No, they aren't some ridiculous Bose or similar headphones.  But for when you're running your half-marathons or working out in the gym, you'll definitely be happy!For 40 bucks, these were an absolute steal!  Anker continues to pleasantly surprise me with ALL of their products!"		
5	:	"My Powerbeats 3 kept on breaking, so I bought this instead. The sound quality is I would say about 4/5 as good as Powerbeats 3. The bass is a bit overpowering. However, these cost 1/5 of what Apple charges for Powerbeats 3. I must say Anker Soundbuds Curve delivers an exceptional value."		
3	:	"I love Anker products.  Whenever I look to buy any electronic gadgets or accessories, I look to see if there's an Anker version of it first (I own their mini-USB cables, USB hub, wireless charging dock, etc.).  When I saw these on a flash sale, I was excited to buy these.  I've been looking for a bluetooth set of headphones to replace my Sony MDR-J10's when they eventually die (had them for 2+ years, run anywhere from 3-20 miles/session in them).These came in a nice, small box, along with small plastic bags with MANY different-sized rubber ear buds.  Even comes with a carrying case.  As usual with Anker, the packaging was well done: simple, yet elegant.  Connecting to my LG G4 was also a breeze, no issues there.  I've used these headphones about 5 times so far.  I bought them primarily for use when running, to train for a marathon.  Sound quality is decent, although I noticed that there's random popping/crackling for about a minute when I first put these on, but never noticed it during runs.  These headphones for the most part feel comfortable when I wear them.However the small, rectangular block with the volume/power buttons hangs a few inches off the right ear piece.  This causes it to swing as I run and it slowly starts to pull on the left ear piece.  For every run I've done, I've had to re-adjust my left ear piece because it kept slowly getting pulled out from the weight of the block.  I wonder if Anker had just had the block hang off the end of the right ear piece, this problem wouldn't occur.Regardless, I have a hard time recommending these for any runners.  Constantly having to re-fit them while running is too annoying.  These would be better suited to less mobile training tasks.***UPDATE:  Anker customer service emailed me soon after I posted the original review and offered some suggestions.  Admittedly, I made a mistake and didn't see the shirt clip and cord management clip in the box (there really is a LOT of rubber ear bud sizes and little baggies in the box!).  I did plenty of testing with various setups while running the next week.  I used both clips as pictured in the diagram.However, I am still running into the same problem: if I keep the cord management clip tight to my head with the wires not loose, then any turn of my head will pull the ear pieces out; if I keep the wires any loose at all, then it still pulls to the right (due to the weight of the volume/power button box) and pulls on the left ear piece.  I reported this to Anker customer service, and they graciously offered to send me their NB10 model for free.Originally, I rated this product 2 stars, but have upped my rating to 3 stars...mainly due to the excellent customer service from Anker.  I haven't received the new headphones yet, but will definitely review them after running with them."		
4	:	"Over the years I have bought many different brands of inexpensive earbuds. I am not very rough with earbuds, but I do work outside a lot with them and go to the gym. There are three things that make or break it when it come to earbuds for me.1.) Sound quality2.) Comfort3.) Battery life1.) Sound Quality - I was decently impressed with these overall when it came to sound quality. I also have the Anker Slims+ and I think these have a better sound overall as compared to the slims. I also have found them to have better sound quality vs some other brands in this same price range.2.) Comfort - To me, these earbuds are simply the most comfortable earbuds I have ever tried. I the ear loops would make them harder to get on my ear properly and quickly, but they have been great. The ear loops are strong enough to hold them in place properly, but soft enough to make them comfortable and to place on your ear easily.3.) Battery Life - I have not measured my exact battery life yet, but they seem consistent with other earbuds I have purchased. In some cases I would even say they last longer. I wear them for the largest part of the day and have never ran into an issue of them going dead during the day or evening. I normally charge about every other day.The only one con I would have for these and it is nothing to do with the Soundbuds themselves it is the case. The case overall is great,but the only problem is the orientation of the mesh screen inside the case should be turned the opposite of the  carry loop preventing items in the mesh carry slot from falling out. This is the only reason I deducted one star. It is so minimal I would not even worry about it, but it something to be conscious about it. Overall, these are great for the money and you will not be disappointed.If you found this review helpful please hit the helpful button. This will make it easier for other people to find and they may be helped as well. Thank you for taking the time to read my review of the Anker Soundbuds curve"		
1	:	"It stopped working just after 3 months. After a full charge, it starts and suddenly in about 5 minutes or so, it stops. No idea why this happens. I want my money back. Don't buy this product.Update: Manufacturer contacted me and sent a new one. Customer service is very good. I will update how things go with the new one."		
1	:	"I am always fan of Anker products, their customer services are very helpful, responsive, and cooperative. But this product has issues with its mic. The 1st one encountered a problem; people can barley hear me, Anker sent me another one, which worked greatly well. Couple days ago the mic went totally off and people can???t hear me at all."		
5	:	"UPDATED REVIEW:Anker support replaced my defective headphones and after three weeks of solid use, I have to say, WOW!I am once again amazed as to how comfortable these are right out of the box.  I have gone on a couple 13 mile runs and the buds stay put and I am not finding myself re-adjusting the cord or fussing with the in ear fit.As previously stated, the sound quality is fantastic and the reported battery life is legit.For the $30 price tag, these are a great value and outperform my other bluetooth headsets.5 Stars for performance, sound quality and overall value (upgraded from 2 stars).And I would be remiss not to through in an A+ for Anker's customer support!**************************************************I really did like these on my first workout.  While they aren't Sennheisers, they sounded fantastic.  And lets be real... You should not expect studio quality for this price on a sports headset.  The audio was crisp, the feel was comfortable and running with these was great.  Minimal bounce and stayed in place.Sadly on my second run with these, halfway through mile 5, they abruptly stopped working.  Basic troubleshooting still will not power back on... Makes me sad as I really liked these.  Glad they broke when they did as I was just about to buy a second pair to leave at work!"		
1	:	After using two separate pairs I'm frustrated and disappointed.I'm a runner and enjoyed the freedom of using these while on the treadmill. The design is great and they stay in your ears. Unfortunately they don't seem to last at all.The first pair I received would not charge or turn on after using them once. Anker was quick to respond to my customer service inquiry and ship out a new pair.The second pair I was able to get 2 sessions out of. Each time they were used for about 1 hour. After my second use I attempted to turn them off but the indicator light wouldn't go off. By the time I was home they were dead. I plugged them in and the red light went on to indicate they were charging. After charging was complete they no longer turned on.Looking back at the reviews it seems this is a common problem. I was hopeful that the replacement pair would work consistently but unfortunately it doesn't seem to be the case. I'm hoping anker will send an updated version as a replacement. This design seems to have some pretty consistent and predictable issues.		
1	:	"Pros:(1) Very comfortable.(2) Good sound.(3) Stays in place during runs.(4) Anker has good customer service.Cons:(1) Randomly turns off after about an hour of working out, and won't turn on again.There's something defective with this particular design. I used to have a pair of the Sportbuds NB10 before I lost them which were great. I have other stuff by Anker that work great (battery packs, cases, etc.), so I trust their brand. However, I was looking to replace my lost NB10s, and I figured I'd give these a shot. I purchased a pair about a month ago, they worked great during the first couple of short runs (~30 minutes), no complaints. Then I went for another run and they randomly shut off halfway through, and wouldn't turn on again. I wrote to Anker Customer Support, they gave standard advice (let it charge for 24 hours then try again), no luck, so they sent out another pair for free, which was awesome.Got the new pair, tried them out, and they seemed to work great. Again, went for another run, they worked perfectly. Then I went for a longer run today (~1 hour) and at the end of the run, they died again and wouldn't turn back on. Again, I'm very familiar with different bluetooth earbuds (have had TaoTronics, Anker, JayBird) and different models, and have never had this problem with any of them. This is something wrong with this particular build of bluetooth model."		
4	:	"TL;DR: This was an outstanding buy @ twenty bucks. Just wanted to give my few cents worth of a review (my other headphones are the Westone W30 and Apple AirPods). I???d compare them most to similar headphones - a lighter weight, less-intrusive version of the LG lanyards. But you???ll lose out on range and sound quality. Anker makes good stuff - give them a shot.Pros- The fit is great and pretty comfortable when walking, sleeping, sitting around, and working out- Unboxing was great - Anker makes quality products across all of their various lines. I nearly cried when I lost my two-port charger (I replaced it)- Accessories (silicone ear fitments and adjustment clips) are awesome - they give you a bunch to work with (however... see below)- The remote is in a pretty good spot (there isn???t much room to work with) and works perfectly- Ample bass for those who want thatCons- Took a couple tries to pair - the Bluetooth is kind of wonky- Bluetooth range - with a brand-new iPhone 8+ (BT 5.0) was iffy. My other devices get 30+ feet; this thing maxes out at about 10 (not a big deal unless you use for calling... see below)- The bass is too much. Sound profile is okay - I can hear the crowd in live shows, but the low-end overwhelms or distorts overall quality.- Phone calls are absolutely terrible - in both directions - I wouldn???t use these for calling, Siri, or Google Now (it got all of my commands wrong when other headphones and built-in mics got them all correct)- The neck strap still rubs the wrong way and flops around, even with the adjustment circle or shirt clip- Volume doesn???t get as high as I would have hoped (but this isn???t unique to these)- The foam ear things (only one size included) were useless - too small and didn???t rebound like those on my Shure and Westone headphones (I threw them out)- The secondary ear fitments are confusing - not sure how they???re supposed to work/hold in my ear. My personal Jawbone ERA (older version) has the in-ear things (the newer ERA and the Anker SoundBuds Sport has the ???hook???) which fill up the inside of my ear, but these are nowhere near. Maybe just sound isolation."		
1	:	"Well packaged with plenty of accessories. Sound quality is good but I had some connection issues for a second while out running. Battery didn't seem to deplete on my 2hr run/walk, from the tiny indicator on my iPhone screen.The fit was good and gave no discomfort where my previous similar product from Xiaomi, always made you aware it was over your ears. The cable is a little long and what happens then is the on/off/volume buttons start bouncing around your right shoulder, which can be distracting.Update 28 Feb 2018: Received this in January and they're trash now! It seems to drop the audio, replacing it with a continuous buzz. I've tried draining the batteries and dis/reconnecting them after numerous power offs/ons. Nothing works. It's just dead!"		
5	:	"I got these to replace a lost set of Soundbuds Slims, which have smaller earbuds with no hooks but otherwise are similar in layout. The Curves fit better without even needing to try out different ear tips, but there are something like six different size and material options included in the box so you should not have any trouble finding the right fit. It took a minute or two longer than expected to pair with my Nexus 5X, but once it paired, I found that the audio quality on the Curve benefits from the ear hooks helping keep the buds properly positioned (the Slims had to be teased into just the right spot). These have good bass, reasonably good highs at first use, and if they ""wear in"" like the Slims were doing, the highs will get better with use. The value for your modest expenditure is really great...Anker seems to be refining their design with each product release. All I wonder about now is if the battery life will meet expectations. I guess I'll have to listen to 12 hours of music to find out.ADDED DETAIL: Turns out I like these so much that I got a second set to keep in my gym locker for workouts. One nice added benefit is that Anker ships these with a nice zippered carrying case that has a snap-hook on the outside and a little pocket inside for the charge cord. This  keeps everything tidy and easy to carry when not in use. Battery and audio performance are still outstanding, and you can activate Google Assistant from the control stick on the headphones wire too."		
5	:	"UPDATE: Anker customer support sent me a new pair promptly and while this pair has only been in use a couple of weeks, so far so good. Will try to update after a couple months of use.????????????Worked great for exactly 5 weeks (of course just after the 30-day Amazon return window expired) and then the crackling static noise started in the left earbud. Very annoying crackling and static noise. I didn't even use the headphones that much, just an hour or two a day, about 3-5 days a week."		
5	:	"These Anker headphones are a solid purchase for the price. As it should, the headphones come with a different sized earbuds that can swapped, a carrying case, and wire holder, and a clip to clip to your clothing.To sum it up quick:Pros:Convenient!!! - Swapping from wired to wireless is really convenient, where the wire can't pull down your headphones or disconnect from the audio jack since there isn't a plug!Stays On & Never Disconnects - I love using these headphones to box (or for any sports/exercise for that matter), since they never get in the way rarely come off with the right size earbud and how tight you close the wires in. Also, i'm quite surprised as to how it NEVER disconnects or stutters in sound, unless I go a good 30-40 feet away from my phone producing the signal.Great Battery Life - For me, it lasts a little over a week before I need to recharge. I only tend to use it when I exercise though, so it might vary.Good Functionality: Has buttons to raise/lower volume, skip/ or backtrack a song, and to pause/play. If you're using it for android, it's a nice new change compared to a lot of headphones that don't have a lot of functionality. Also, I believe the actual headphones have noise canceling features, and it's relatively effective.Volume: It can get pretty high if it needs to.Cons:Sound Quality: It's not bad AT ALL, and it'll work for most people. However, a bit of some quality is indeed lost through bluetooth. If you really want to listen to music for the quality of the sound, stick to wired or drop like $500 on quality professional headphones, since there are quality DACs, headphone amplifiers,etc that you might look for in volume and quality."		
3	:	"It's been 3 months that I have owned this product and at present it will turn on, the blue and red lights are not turning on to indicate if it needs charging or not, and it doesn't seem to charge. I just sent an email to Anker support. Let's see what they will do to resolve the issue.Anker did replace the headphone and I have had it for a few weeks and it is working fine. I hope I can say the same a year or longer from now because I really like how they work.UPDATE 5/21/2018 After having it replaced again with warranty, a total of 2 times, it went out again. Options given to me were to send another replacement or get a refund of the whole purchase and purchase their latest version (Anker would not upgrade my replacement to their latest version, Soundcore Spirit X Sports Earphones). So I got the refund, but had to pay the difference to get there latest model. Really liked the, but they just didn't last. All I used it for was to have while I was running, jogging, using elliptical or stationary bike. At the end, it was not the product advertised. We'll see about the new model.LATEST FINAL UPDATE 5/29/18 Since posting this Anker customer service offered to send me the Anker SoundCore Boost speaker for all my trouble. Not only did it come timely, but that speaker is really impressive. The sound was clear, with umph, and bass boost that you could really feel. I appreciate their going out of their way to make this situation right. The Soundcore Spirit X Sports Earphones have been regularly used and are so far working great. The Anker SoundCore Boost speaker they sent is icing on the cake so with all this, my rating goes up to 3 stars."		
5	:	"There are better-sounding Bluetooth earbuds, but this inexpensive? I doubt it.The sound: More than good enough for use during physical activity. Good high end, smooth but slightly suppressed midrange, slightly elevated but deep and smooth bass, not boomy. Stereo imaging is not impressive. Overall volume is adequate. I listen to a range of music from jazz and classical to progressive rock, Americana, and singer/songwriter stuff. These buds work for all of it. I have several pairs of very good headphones, and while these aren???t the best sounding (I have some A-T and Sennheiser cans I???m partial to) they are respectable, even in that company.The ergonomics: Comes with several sizes of both plugs and wings, so I???d imagine nearly everyone will be able to find a fit. The over-ear hooks help secure them well; they stayed nicely in place during my treadmill and elliptical sessions. The cord is very thin, and the weight of the volume/power/mic housing tends to make the cord hang mostly on your right rather than symmetrically. But the whole rig is so lightweight it???s hardly noticeable, and after two hours there is no irritation or soreness (after several fittings of the bud covers to get it perfect). Didn???t seem to care about sweat. Or induce extra sweating themselves.Electronic performance: Paired with an iPad Air 2 and a OnePlus 6 with no issues. Excellent range with the phone, at least a solid 30 feet through one wall. Have not challenged the charge duration, but 3-hours of continuous use seems to indicate well over 50% remaining according to iPad. Play/pause and volume work fine on both iOS and Android. Have not tested with telephone, may never.Other stuff: Nice little case, easy to use. Not bad looking, IMO. Build quality is fine, afaict. Really, no issues, no complaints, very impressed. Five stars for the price/performance ratio. IMO the next step up from these is going to be something over $100 to get a really useful improvement."		
5	:	"So I decided recently that I need to get back into a gym routine, get more active, etc. after taking a 2-3 year ""break.""  Naturally, I can't do that without some fresh headphones for the gym.  I started searching around, seeing what is out there now since my previous headphones are 3+ years old at this point.  They were decent bt headphones, but had that weird LG neck band thing with the wired buds that popped out.  Worked fine, just wanted to find something less bulky with good comfort and battery life.After some researching, I settled on the $200 Powerbeats3 from Apple/Beats.  5 minute quick charge for 1hr play time (perfect for when you realize your phones are dead while on your way to the gym), 12 hour battery life, water/sweat resistant, and an ear clip style for working out.  Perfect.  Found them at my local best buy marked down to $135 for certain colors, so I bought them.  Took them home, charged and tested them out.  Not bad.  Decently comfortable, easy to use and charge, sound quality was perfect for my needs.Then, out of curiosity, I decided to search on amazon just to see what else was out there.  I came across these Anker Soundbuds Curve by noticing they looked almost exactly like my Powerbeats3.  After reading a ton of reviews, decided to order them.  At $35, worst I could do was return them and keep the Powerbeats.  Well...needless to say I ended up returning the Powerbeats and keeping these Ankers.  Why?  Well...I like most things about these Ankers better.PROS:-They aren't as wide or bulky, have a much more flush feel with the side of my head.-Much softer touch material-Ear clips especially are softer and more comfortable-Feel lighter, hardly notice they're even on-12.5 hour battery life (on par with the Powerbeats 12 hour life)-Better travel case.  It's a round zippered case vs a silicone squeeze-style clamshell case for the Beats-More ear bud sizing options.  S/M/L buds, S/M/L ear wings, and memory foam bud options are included.-Great sound.  Bass is deep and clear.  I'd say they sound 90% as good as the beats, for MUCH cheaper-Last but not least, PRICE PRICE PRICE.  I'll take 90% Beats sound quality and features for almost 1/7 the price ANY day.CONS (but no deal breakers)-Rubber cap over charging port isn't as quick or convenient to charge, but it keeps dirt/water out-No 5 minute quick charge (I think it'll still give you an hour's worth with only a 10 minute charge or so)In the end, keeping the Ankers was a no-brainer.  Sure they don't have Apple's fancy W1 chip for quick charging and connection wizardry for iPhones (which I don't own anyway), but they feel, function, and sound just as nice as the Powerbeats at a fraction of the cost.  Even if you wore out a pair of these buds a year, you could replace them annually for 6 years before spending as much as the Powerbeats3 at retail price.  The Powerbeats were nice for the few days I had them.  I didn't have any issues, but they weren't $165 nicer or better quality than the Ankers.  The Ankers are much more comfortable on my ears, feel lighter and softer, don't look as bulky, and come with a better travel case.  And, for $35, it's not life-shattering if they get lost or broken at the gym."		
3	:	"I have updated the review a couple fo times, originally I gave it 2 stars as the pair I received had really bad audio lag that made them unusable for watching videos, they also had an occasional problem with the microphone.  I received a phone call from Anker and they offered to send me a replacement pair, I received those today and they do not have the audio lag..they also provided a paid return label.  The level of customer service on this low cost headphone exceeds that I get on my $300+ Bose by an order of magnitude or more...This new pretty good, considering the price point they are really fantastic devices.  Do they sound better than a pair of Noble Savants?  Surely not, but they also cost a small fraction of the price.  They are a bit ""muddy"" out of the box, but a bit of EQ solves that.  I prefer to boost the treble and mids, but I tend to prefer a less bass forward sound profile.I cannot use them reliably for making phone calls though, so that is a major defect.  I am either entirely inaudible, or I sound like I am ""operating a tattoo needle"".  I will keep these for days where risk of exposure to moisture is too great to use higher quality headphones."		
5	:	"Just got them today, but so far I'm liking them.  Wish they would crank up a little louder but they go as high as the device allows. I didn't realize that Anker even made headphones.  I'm a big fan of Anker products, so far I haven't been disappointed with any of their products. I own a bunch of them,  Most are power banks, and charging accessories, including one device that can charge cell phones, and tablets a few times and still be used to jump start my car.  Made in China, but IMO this company does it right, even better than Apple.  I'll update this in a few days after I see if they work well in noisy environments, and most importantly I want to know if I'll really get 12.5 hours of run time.  Given that I haven't had a Bluetooth headphone yet that has worked for much more than two hours.  Will be great to have something that will make it through a full day at work.Update. I'm loving these headphones. They actually had enough power to last just over 14 hours. My Ipod touch 5 only lasts around 8 hours so I'm extremely satisfied with these headphones.  I'm an even bigger Anker fan of Anker products."		
5	:	"I have written very few reviews, however the customer service obligated me to write this one.I purchased these headphones in January and unfortunately they died in August. They would not turn on would not charge or just flat dead.I contacted customer service via email through the Amazon order, they responded within a day with some troubleshooting tips. After those did not work a couple of days later I received an email stating that a brand new pair of headphones would be shipped out at no cost to me. Incredible customer service.About the headphones:I use these headphones primarily for running. I chose the headphones with the over the ear hook to ensure they don't fall out. Which they don't. They come with several earbuds sizes to fit your ear but I kept the one that was on the headphones because they don't seal perfectly which is exactly what I need when I'm running so I can hear cars around me.I also uses for watching movies while I'm washing dishes including numerous sippy cups. The range on these headphones is far better than the previous headphones that I had. And much lighter.The sound quality on these are really good even while running. Audiophiles may find them slightly lacking, but if that's the problem go buy yourself a $300 pair of Bose.The battery last a very long time on these. The only time I've had issues is when I forget to turn the headphones off after listening to them. I've left them on overnight and they still have to charge the next day.For $20, these are incredible headphones.Hopefully The fact that these died after 8 months was just a one-off problem and these last much longer. But then again I guess you get what you pay for."		
4	:	"These BT headphones are a real surprise - nicely designed, well packaged and good sound quality, still inexpensive.Pros:- Design - nice black finish, good controls, holding well for moderate activity- Accessories - there is a clip if you want to attach to clothes, also extra multiple earbud tips- Sound - once you adjust them to your ear, it is a clear and pleasant sound, especially for music- Bluetooth pairing - works flawlesslyCons:- Earbud tips - there are 4 pairs included, but what is missing is a larger one that can mold to your ear. So, you may need to order those separately, which is couple bucks extra expense.- Location of controls - I am left handed, but controls are on the right side, so it is not so convenient. Don't know if it is possible to somehow change cables.- Lack of bass - but only if the earbuds don't fit well into ear, the bass is lost. So, get the earbud tips that fit well- Aptx - it does not work on iPhone - not really Anker problem, rather that Apple does not support itSo, all these ""Cons"" are not really a big problem or something that Anker can easily do.Why 4 stars - I may be too harsh, but 5 stars means a perfect product, something you start to use and feel happy about it immediately. There headphones are good, just you need to spend some extra time and money to be happy about them."		
5	:	"I used these primarily on an LG V20 with no equalizer app using Spotify.  I will admit that this is my first set of Bluetooth earbuds/headphones as I've always been a wired guy myself, but the convenience of not having to snake a wire under my shirt at the gym anymore is worth it enough. The fit is nice for my ears, and I RARELY purchase in-ear headphones due to the fact that I start getting ear pain after 10 minutes from anything that doesn't have the Bose ear-tips.The sound quality is quite acceptable, but they are not forgiving. They rely on creating a full seal inside your ear to achieve a nice bass, this is great for the music but could be dangerous for outdoor activities as they almost completely block outside noise. If you're using these in a gym though, they are great because, well, they block out all the noise. If there is not a perfect seal with these, the sound will be treble-heavy, and quiet. Luckily Anker provides several ear-tips to get a solid fit. Try them all, it will save you a lot of frustration of stopping mid-workout to re-seat them.Battery life is still being tested, but initial impressions are great! I've used these for about 3 hours at the gym for 30-45 minutes a session and I have not had to recharge the battery. I topped them off for a business trip I was going on, and the passive sound isolation worked wonders on the plane.I tend to sweat when I work out, and these have shown no signs of quitting on me. Other than the cord sometimes rubbing against my shirt, and causing some vibration noise, I wouldn't recommend anything else, and when (if?) these die for good, I will certainly get another pair."		
5	:	"This is my fourth pair of wireless earbuds in about three months. I decided to wait on giving a review of these to see if they actually did last. I???m happy to report that I???ve had this for almost a full month and they are still working as good as the first day. Because of my disability there are six things I look for when buying wireless earbuds:1. Ease of use2. Can I put them in myself?3. Can I plug them into the charge port myself?4. Battery Life5. Call Quality6. PriceI can tell you that the above six things were very true in my experience with these earbuds. Because I have a disability it is time-consuming for me to plug them into the charge port myself but it can be done. Ease of use exceeded my expectations. It didn???t even take me 30 seconds to pair them with my iPhone. Lastly, it does take some work but I can get them in my ears myself. At night I just use the left earbud when I???m listening to my audiobook or music.  Listening to music does drain the battery life but it???s really not that big of a deal. I have fallen asleep listening to an audiobook, and I wake up at 8 o???clock in the morning and my earbuds are still going. I haven???t really tested out the 12.5 hour battery claim though. For my needs, these are the best ones for the price. Best $35 and change I???ve spent in a long time. **NOTE** I wanted to add something after reading one review today. The earbuds do have a warning beep when they are low on power, you just have to know what to listen for. If you choose to ignore the warning beep, they will eventually shut off on their own. However, I haven???t had a problem of the earbuds just powering off. **NOTE 2** December 5, 2017: I just recently upgraded my phone from the iPhone 7+ to the iPhone X and I can tell you that these pair really well with the newer phone. Just Make sure your device is in discover mode. Also when pairing them with a different device it will not flash blue and red, as it did with your initial pairing; it will flash blue only, and kinda fast. ????"		
2	:	The best wireless over the ear buds I've ever owned.  This is my initial review with about a week's usage.  These fit so well and the battery life is awesome.  I've owned about 5 different over the ear bluetooth buds similar to these and without a doubt these are the best.  The controls panel does tend to pull the cable to the right side of your head but it's not that big of a deal.  Sound quality is very good.  They don't get as loud as others I've used but it's not been an issue.  Update 1/23/2018.  Less than 2 months usage and it's starting to fail. Exchange Requested. Replacement failed after just under 2 months. Exchange requested.		
4	:	"It's of a bit of an apple to oranges comparison here, but bear with me. I love Apple's AirPods. They're an engineering and design masterpiece. If you've never seen them up close, your local Apple store has demo sets you can test. AirPods fit perfectly in a little case that doubles as a charger and they synch instantly with your phone when you take them out. Sound quality is good, both music and speaking via the mic. Take an AirPod out of one ear to talk with someone and the music pauses. Tap one of them a couple times and Siri activates. It's unbelievable how something so small and lightweight can do so much. I bought my wife a pair and have tested them myself. Everyone's ears are different and the only thing about them that I don't like, and this might be unique to my ear shape, is that they feel like they might fall out if I do anything more intense than walking, to include something as benign as sprinting across a crosswalk right before the light changes. For me, that's big risk for a $150 product.Enter the Anker SoundBuds Curve. They offer all of the basic functionality at a fraction of the cost, plus they stay on/in your ears and are waterproof. Battery life is great. The quality is evident first in the packaging. Anker has designed it to provide a quality unboxing experience that you expect from a higher priced product. The headphones are housed in a durable zippered case that keeps them protected, while not taking up a lot of space in your bag. There are plenty of tips included to adjust to various ear sizes. For me, the default size works fine. Before using, I charged them up for about an hour. Conducting the initial bluetooth pairing was simple. Once paired, a little headphone icon appears on the top right corner of your phone with batter level shown. The inline remote has three buttons whose primary function are volume up, play/pause and volume down. These same buttons perform various other functions to skip songs, answer calls and turn the headphones on/off. It's fairly intuitive. The materials of the ""ear hook"" and in-ear pieces have a soft silicone feel to them for comfort. I've tested the sound quality against the AirPods and it seems to be about the same. All in all, I couldn't be more pleased for $25 and if you're looking for a solid all around set of bluetooth headphones, look no further.A few recommendations for Anker to improve the design on the next model:1. Cord Length: It's a good 6"" too long. The little cord adjuster device helps, but it leaves a big loop hanging out the back... looks kind of goofy outside of fitness use.2. Cord Design & Remote: It's a standard round headphone cord, which would be ok, except the remote has a decent weight to it, causing the cord to constantly pull to the right. This can be controlled a bit, but it gets back to point #1 with the length. A thicker, flatter cord would help balance this out... something similar to what you see on Beats. I'd gladly pay a few more dollars for the the design upgrade."		
5	:	"Anker has become my go-to brand for high quality, low cost electronics, and these ear buds are an excellent example. They are super comfortable, sound great, and have a really impressive battery life for how short the charge time is (zero to full in about 90 minutes). It's also hard to beat the price???I bought these on sale and liked them better than much more expensive headphones I've had in the past.My one concern was quickly alleviated by their customer service department. After 9 months of use, one of the wires separated from the right ear bud so it stopped working on that side. While I hadn't paid much for the earbuds, I figured I'd write their customer service team before I gave up and bought new earbuds. Within a day they offered to replace my broken pair, and by the end of the week I had the newer model of these earbuds in my mailbox at zero cost to me.In short, Anker makes some stellar electronics for the budget-conscious consumer like me, and I'll continue to be their customer for a long time coming thanks to how well they take care of their customers."		
3	:	"I really wanted to like these headphones - they had so much going for them. The packaging alone is worth the cost of admission - the included case and different size ear tips all add excellent value. The headphones themselves (when connected using AptX) sounds decent enough, if a bit tiny, with almost no leakage. They sit comfortably, and the huge remote wasn't too annoying as far as hitting me on the cheek/neck. The ear hoops were maybe a bit too bendy, and the cable felt low quality - maybe they went for a thinner/lighter cable to make it less intrusive and appeal to the folks who wanted to use these things at the gym.What made me click that ""return"" button is the frequent stuttering. Not sure if there was any correlation with me rubbing/moving the cable, but every so often (sometimes as often as one a minute) it would stutter for about a half second. It was quick but frequent enough to be noticeable and highly annoying after a 30 minute listening session. This was on a OnePlus 3. My other BT headset is Jabra Move and they don't do this.TL;DR -- Almost there. The build quality is a bit short. Frequent enough micro stutter to make it annoying enough to return."		
4	:	"I purchased these in September of 2017. They arrived within two days. Brand new packaging. Charged them and they synced and worked instantly. In March of 2018, I started having some issues. Nothing major. Sometimes the sound would go out in one or there was static or sometimes you would hear a pop sound. They usually adjusted themselves by the next day or with a rest and a charge. By June, one side went out for good. They were still within my 18-month warranty. Anker customer service were awesome!! They heard me out and sent me a replacement almost immediately! I'm very happy! Thank you Anker!!So, i'm not an auidophile by any means. I can't tell you that these are the best in the world because I wouldn't know. But, they are worth the price, and they get the job done. Bass? Don't really need a whole lot of it. Besides, I don't need IMAX theater sound in my ears when i'm listening to audiobooks or Pantera! Well, maybe Pantera, but their loud enough without busting my eardrums! They're also perfect for blocking out the world. They are not 100% noice cancellation, but they work well for ignoring others!I love that these don't fall out of my ears. They're comfortable to wear. They are sweat resistant. You can run and workout with these. They usually fully charge within the hour or less for me. The battery does last. I've tested these on more than one occassion working a 12-hour shift off of one charge. When i'm talking on the phone, no one has ever told me they couldn't hear me, nor have I ever had any problem hearing anyone on the other end. Everything sounds clear.Another thing I like about these, is that I don't have any problems with bluetooth reception. I can have my phone in my back pocket or in my front sweater pockets and I still get full reception. They are great in open spaces. I've left my phone at my station in the back of the warehouse, walked to the front, and still had full reception. As far as connecting to more than one device, that's not really an issue for me. If i'm at home, i'm synced to my laptop and when i'm out, i'm synced to my phone. I don't need to be hooked up to several devices all at once.So, if you want something state of the art::: concert or movie theater sound quality, 100% noice cancellation, can sync up to multiple devices all at once, that you can swim in, or earbuds that can cook, clean, and drive you around in! Then get ready to pay that HUGE price tag because these are NOT for you! If you're looking for something that affordable and meets your fundamental needs, while you're saving up or looking for something else in the meanwhile, then these are worth a shot. If they break for whatever reason, it's not going to break your bank. Seriously, you can't go wrong with their 18-month warranty. Anker customer service is awesome!"		
4	:	"i got these to replace my other pair that was too tight around my ears.these are grrrrreeeeeat! the ear hooks are soft playable silicone so they dont hurt even after hours of use. the hooks also help keep them on while running or riding a bike.the battery life isnt disappointing either. its as long at least as the 10 hours or so i sit on my butt at starbucks to leech their free wifi and download movies illegallythe cable itself comes with pinch clips which is useful because with them i can turn my head on my bike but without them the cord rubs against me and it wants to pull the earphone off when i turn my head.  protip : cyclists should use the provided clip.the shuffle mode is good as is volume control,, music pause and the mic when taking phone callsoh! and it kept working in a downpour when i was riding on the trails.in all, these headphones are well worth the money spent and if youre looking for a reliable pair of bluetooth headphones,, these got a thumbs up from me on every aspect."		
5	:	"I gave these to my son for his 14th birthday, as he was complaining about his other earbuds not working. He???s rough on things and often misplaces such electronics, so I knew I wasn???t going to buy any Dr. Dre earbuds! From reading reviews, I feel they are overpriced and simply cool with the young generation, based on name. I???m always looking for value, so when I saw Anker made BT earbuds, I knew spending $30, wouldn???t hurt too much, should something happen to these.  I actually didn???t realize he had a set of BT earbuds and I wanted something which has a tether, so he could not just lose one, as he wears these at night and falls asleep.  His other earbuds were also tethered, which I wasn???t aware of and I believe he must have purchased them with money from past birthdays or Christmas. But whatever brand they were, he said they were staticy and wearing out. It sounds as if they were a bit more expensive than these. The best news is that he really likes these Anker BT earbuds. He said they are more comfortable around his ear and that the sound quality is superior to his old ones. He also said these can be charged, while using them, as opposed to his old pair, which could not.  Normally, I would have known these things before I made a purchase, as I tend to research such items in depth. So, this time, I guess I just got lucky, but felt the manufacturer name of Anker, said it all. Time will tell and I???ll update this, if problems arise, but even if these things last through the 18 month replacement warranty, they???ll be worth it, because I know, they may not get the best care."		
2	:	"Good sound, great battery life, comfortable to wear, works with everything I have that supports Bluetooth...Unfortunately this only pairs with a single device, so you'll need to go through the entire pairing process every time you want to use it with something else.I loved it for my phone, would've give it four (Qi charging would make it five, the micro-usb port is a bit of a pain to open the protective covering and connect to an adapter.) stars, but when I connected it to my laptop it was unpaired from my phone and took several minutes of resetting and re-pairing to connect to my phone once more.If this remembered a second device it would be almost perfect but, with the mess of needing to re-pair every time you change your source, it's not worth the price to me."		
4	:	EDIT:THIS COMPANY OFFERS EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SEEVICE.they reached out to me over my issue and completely destroyed my preconceived  notions and surpassed my expectations.I'm a customer for life.old review....These are pretty decent for the money but the piece I'm missing is important and the company wants me to jump through hoops to get a piece of foam so small it can't even be valued mailed to me...		
5	:	"These are my favorite running headphones by far. I've tried several others and arrived at these guys on a black Friday deal, so I figured I may as well give them a go.The fit is highly customizable as the pack include several earbuds and wingtips. The wingtips do such an excellent job of keeping these in my ears, I scarely think they need the top curve. The curve is, however, quite nice to keep a bud half in or to hang them together.Sound quality is quite good too. I'm no audiophile, but for the asking price, they surpass anything else I've tried in the price point as even some above.  Sound is pretty insulated, so be aware of that while running; you will have some difficulty hearing outside noise while blaring music.HOWEVER. Six months in, they stopped charging. I was concerned about having to deal with the warranty people because I did not know what to expect. I was very pleasantly surprised as after only a few emails the rep had concluded that mine were defective and sent out a new package. So that went splendidly as was relatively painless. The Anker warranty is indeed worry-free.So that's where I am right now. These things rock, I'll probably upgrade to the next gen version should my replacement set fail, and I'm super happy with both product and warranty."		
4	:	"Overall the Anker Wireless Earbuds have good sound quality. I have had some problems when making phone calls. On an International call, the receiver was unable to hear me, but I was also having phone issues at this time.  And during local or long distance calls occasionally, the sound has gone in and out intermittently. And with one caller, they have difficulty hearing me. It is hard to say if it is the earbuds, phone, connection, phone carrier, etc.These are my first set of wireless earbuds. It may just take some adjustment period. I am used to the soft tip wire earbuds; however, the sound connection was causing so many issues.The fit in the ear, the styling due to the curve of the Anker Wireless Earbuds have taken me a few times to get the earbuds in place. And sometimes they fall out, especially when I am lying down."		
1	:	"The sound and battery are great, especially for its price. However... its price shows in how long the headsets actually last. I'm extremely careful with my electronics. I woke up one morning and the glued-in part of the earpiece had detached. They've never been so much as put in a bag before-- I've treated these guys with fragile care and they still only lasted about six months."		
2	:	"Really disappointing. They worked great the first few days, but now they suddenly stopped working... after only a few days of use! It's not an issue with the charger/charging cord, either, as I've tried several different cords to charge them. The blue light occasionally comes on but none of my devices will discover it, so they've already been rendered useless.EDIT: So, these inexplicably started working fine again. Hopefully it was just a one day glitch but it's disconcerting it happened so soon after I got them. I've bumped these up to 3 stars, because they ARE good when they work... I'm just trying to make sure they CONTINUE to work before giving any more.EDIT AGAIN: Well, these are now dead. They worked great while they actually worked. But I had them charging, and suddenly the port where you connect the actual charger started melting from the inside out. Didn't notice until it was too late for them to be salvaged, and they will no longer charge since that part of the product is fried. I'm guessing this is an isolated instance and does not happen very frequently, which is why I'm only dropping this to 2 stars, because again - when these actually worked, they worked well. It's just unfortunate that they lasted less than a month before becoming completely useless."		
5	:	"Thoroughly enjoying the durability, battery life, and sound quality of these affordable Anker SoundBuds Curve headphones.Prior to these headphones, I was using the Jaybird Bluebuds X and found that the sound quality on those headphones were decent, but only if you could get a secure fit. Unfortunately, with the Bluebuds X, they would slide out slightly during both cardio and weight lifting workouts regardless of what combination of in-ear hooks or pads I used. So for the price, I was disappointed with the fit, which lead to disappointment with the sound quality for the Bluebuds X.I saw the Anker Soundbuds on sale a couple of weeks ago and thought ""Why not?"" Straight out of the package, I was surprised with out well the headphones fit into my ear and the added secure fit of the over-ear hooks. In my opinion, the sound quality is significantly better than the Apple earbuds supplied with your iPhone and more comfortable as well. I'm still testing the battery life to see if it actually does get the 20 hours that Anker claims. As of now, I've only had to charge it twice through 2 1/2 weeks of daily use. Also, the bluetooth connection has been solid, and I have not had any issues walking 20-30 feet away from my phone (no walls between/ direct line of sight) and skipping, which I experienced often with my Bluebuds X.I would highly recommend these headphones for anyone looking for an affordable bluetooth headphones for exercise, commuting, and regular use throughout your day."		
3	:	"I ordered two of these headphones and really like them besides the connection problems and weak micGood:Great battery lifeGood sound compared to similar priced BT headphonesWell designed. The earpieces are bulky and the control piece location is a bit awkward, but battery life and sound make up for it. The included clip and cord length reducer are usefulBad:Quiet and distant-sounding mic. During calls I hold the control piece closer to my mouth to reduce this, but the mic isn't goodCracking, stuttering, and popping during audio. This occurs when the phone is nearby and occurs on two phones with both pairs of headphones. There was once a very distracting periodic stuttering in one pair which continued until charging. Not a major problem but it shouldn't be happeningNeutral:White noise background when audio is playing. This is not a major issue and disappears when audio playback stopsThe volume buttons don't change the device volume. This is done for wider compatibility between different devices. Higher volume increases the background noise"		
2	:	"I usually LOVE Anker products, and I will continue to buy them, but these headphones were subpar and poorly designed.  The volume control panel that is attached to the headphones is so heavy that it renders them useless for workouts, unless you enjoy hearing the sound of the cord jostling over your music.UPDATE: After my review posted, Anker customer service contacted me and sent me a replacement pair of headphones which suited my needs better (the Soundbuds NB 10).  Not only that, but they made sure to follow up after I received the headphones to make sure I was happy with them.  I would highly recommend those headphones if you think the issue I listed in my original review would be of concern to you.  The sound on the NB10s is very good and they are much more comfortable for running & working out.  These will definitely be my new go-to headphones for the gym.  I will say that I've bought many Anker products and have always found their quality to be very good, and now I can also vouch that their customer service is excellent as well."		
5	:	"Great sound quality and battery life. These headphones were a fantastic deal, and so far are working great. They pair to my phone quickly and maintain a good signal throughout my workouts. The ear hooks are also great--I never have much luck with regular earbuds, they always fall out!EDIT: headphones stopped working after a couple weeks. Used them on a run this morning, and they worked great, as they had for the last ~3 weeks. Then I plugged them in to charge, and noticed a weird static sound coming from them a few minutes later. I have since been unable to get them to power on at all; the status LEDs won???t even light up, after several hours of charging. I???ve tried a couple different micro usb cables, ones I know work to charge other devices. I think these must???ve just spontaneously crapped out.Real bummer, I really liked these. Now I guess I???ll have to go thru the hassle of returning them...EDIT 2: Reached out to Anker customer support and described the above problem. They immediately sent me a replacement set (and I didn't even have to return the defective set) and were super helpful and accommodating. New buds working well so far. A++ customer support."		
4	:	"Take the leap. Go on. You won't regret it.I was a skeptic. How is it even possible to get aptX enabled earbuds that are comfortable, feature a long (12 hours!) battery life, and come in under $30?? Well, somehow the fine folks at Anker have managed to do that and more in what might be the best set of 'buds available for under $50 anywhere. My first encounter with Anker came by way of their portable battery packs, but that's a review for another day. Naturally, I was wary of picking up such a cheap pair of headphones from a company with next to zero notoreity in the audio world. Was I wasting my money? Was it just wishful thinking that I could find a pair of headphones with this feature set at this price? I couldn't have been more surprised when I got these.The build quality is solid. Soft rubber makes these really comfortable to wear for extended listening. The assortment of included ear tips and wings make it possible for the SoundBud Curve to accommodate most anyone's aural cavities. I used to think that earbuds simply wouldn't fit my ears, but I have no issues with the  fittings Anker provided. The snug, comfortable fit does a good job of attenuating environmental noise, enough to escape swiftly into the music. Well done on this front!Sound quality is stunning. Not without the expected loss of fidelity inherent with Bluetooth compression, the Curves really present a nicely balanced soundstage. Not a lot of boosting across the spectrum and natural sounding in the mids. Bass is present - not excessive, yet punchy and clear. Highs are crisp, a bit harsh at high volume, but not overtly so. Mids, as with all Bluetooth devices, are a bit higher than I prefer, but tolerable.The included case is a nice touch, but be advised that you will need a USB charging adapter, since only a short cable is included in the box. But who doesn't have one of those these days?Anker is slowly but surely making a repeat customer out of me. I never set out to find a new love for their products, but the consistency of quality and consideration for the consumer shows a level of attention that is all to often lost to name recognition and marketing noise.Take the leap, you will be glad you did."		
5	:	"Update: Anker immediately responded after initial email. They shipped out a new set of headphones brand new and wrapped.  They work flawlessly. Definitely a great pair of headphones if you are in the market for some.  I had beats powerbeats 3 before these and honestly I'd buy these over the beats any day.  Great customer service from Anker along the whole way, they even emailed me to check on the working condition of the new ones.  When it was all said and done it really wasn't Anker's fault, the other pair was Amazon's fault, since they ship them and not Anker. So no harm no foul. Anker stepped up and fixed it and that's a great experience and feelingReceived these headphones either used or definitely tampered with. The box wasn't sealed.  The rubber cover for the charging port was torn off and was inside the box under a cardboard meanwhile the headphones where in the carrying case on top of the cardboard. Box was dirty inside, not sure what really happened with these headphones. I emailed Anker and no response. Subpar customer service from Anker."		
5	:	"This is my first set of bluetooth headphones and I couldn't be happier. I have slightly different shaped ear canals so, most ear buds just don't want to stay in. The style of these buds eliminates the stay put issue. With all the included adapters it was easy to achieve a good fit, they are light, comfortable and secure. Pairing to IOS was a snap. It did take a few tries to get the right feel of the controls with respect to how long to hold or not, for a certain function but, It was a short learning curve. So far battery life looks great and the range is solid to 25+ ft. They recover gracefully when returning from out of range. I have a lot of 2.4 Ghz flying around so this is great.Now for the sound of the SoundBuds Curves, it is stunning,WOW! The first cut I listened to was Adele's, Hello. Her vocals were amazing, with a rock solid image, while capturing the ambience of the soundstage.The bass is authoritative, well defined with just a bit of pleasing bloom but not boom. Midrange is smooth, highs are sweet with no harshness (if not overdriven to unsafe levels). I compared the sound of these to a set of wired buds from another mfg. costing 10 time more, there were some differences in the upper treble 'airiness', most likely a factor of Bluetooth limitations. You can clearly hear the differences between recording qualities. Highly compressed music captured at a low but rate will sound flat while lossless, high bit rate recordings will give you chills. I am so blown away by the sound of the SoundBud Curve, I am using them for most of my listening. Anker has created a remarkable product at any price but at less than 30 bucks its a steal! Well Done Anker!"		
4	:	"UPDATE SINCE BEING CONTACTED BY ANKER TO IMPROVEI took a second listen and am giving a more in-depth review.The sound was good, seems a little ""distant"" but the bass was excellent... SENSO S-250 sound a little better.Ear hooks are practically useless for me, they are soft and stick out from my head and basically offer not security... for me. I do think this is the nature of hooks now... I have a pair of wired Sony's from years ago that are a hard plastic silicone and sit flush to my head, these do not and the SENSO S-250's are even worse... but I think its due to ""buds"" sitting in the ear and the ergonomics dealing with that. I have tried several pairs of headphones with hooks and the hooks were pointless for me, more annoying than helpful... I recommend looking into some that do not have the hooks like the Anker Soundbuds Slim(+) or the SENSO S-300The controls feel nice and the case is great, love the clip that comes with (doubt that I would ever use it... but nice to have).I personal upgraded to the Jabra Elite 65t which feels great and fits smooth, sounds amazing... but isn't waterproof like these and cost almost 6x's as much... but after buying a dozen headphones... I finally found a pair I like and I use them mostly for the office anyway. If you want a work out pair... look at the Jabra Elite Sport, the Gear IconX 2018 or the Anker ZOLO Liberty+ORIGINAL 3 ***Sound was ok... SENSO sounds better. Ear clips are practically useless for me."		
4	:	"Pros: Numerous bits and tips to make these fit the best possible. I really like the one set of ""memory foam"" tips - very comfy. And they are secure, thanks to over the ear hooks, so even if they slip out during a run, they don't go anywhere. Really good sound considering you can purchase similar looking units for $100 more. But then, I'm not an audiophile (or a dog), I'm a runner, and not a real judge of audio quality. Controls are easy to find when running (see Cons for caveat). You can skip forward, and backward with the long-press of a the volume (+ and -) buttons. Short charge, long discharge times.Cons: Heavy, clunky volume control/mic piece (1-1/2 inches x 3/8 inch? Huge.) causes the cable to slide to the right (when worn behind the neck), which is annoying. It comes with a clip to secure it (and a cable slide to tighten the cable to the head), but wearing a tank top without a collar... well, I can't see that clip working.Note: There were some random glitches in the bluetooth audio with the phone in my pocket walking the dog, but it wasn't a persistent problem, and there are so many reasons why that could happen. I'll just keep an ear on it, and see if it happens again, and if so, what situations cause it."		
1	:	"Product itself is okay, as is sound, easy to use, BUT charge life is very inconsistent. I charge them then use them in the same way every time I use--I listen to audiobook while I work. I never take them off the charger till I'm leaving my house, so they always start with full charge. When I'm listening, sometimes I can listen for 3-4 hours, which is usually my max time, but then sometimes I turn them on and after 1/2 hour the charge dies and can't turn on again. It happens 50% of the time so that's not a good listening experience. I can't count on listening to my audio books when I want to. Knowing this, I would not recommend."		
1	:	"I am an Anker loyalist, and my everyday commuting headphones are Anker Slim+ headphones which I love and work great. Needed some sport ones for running etc, and thought these fit the bill. Three straight pairs have failed, worked once or twice and just won't turn on, or if they do, hold a charge for less than an hour. Have tried every combination of charging cables and plugs, but nothing fixes them.That said, Anker customer service is great and they work to replace or refund them. Hopefully this is just a one-product problem. (Update: they indeed came through great and I ended up getting a refund and buying the new similar Anker Soundcore pair, and so far they are working great.)"		
5	:	"Update: I'm changing my review to 5 stars thanks to the amazing customer support.  They contacted me and made sure I was satisfied with my  purchase. The soundbuds curve have a great feel,  but I wanted something a bit louder. They sent me a different model (NB10 headphones) which are great for me while I'm working out at the gym thanks to its fit and noise isolation.......................................I own an Anker power bank which I love.  So As soon as I saw these Anker earbuds I ordered them right away for the gym, but I'm not too impressed by its volume. It has a moderate sound but it's not loud enough.  It does have good noise isolation,  but I think volume could've been better. They're very lightweight which is good."		
5	:	"I ordered this so I could use my cellphone as an MP3 Player because the other week when the Sony mp3 player died I discovered I'm old. apparently no one uses mp3 players the local store had quartered the last of their stock 3 scan-disk,, and 2 I-pods to the the isle of misfits electronics. I was then informed that I would have to go to the old record store to find new ones- even Amazon has a limited sections and all older models. So I came to gripes with the reality of using our phones for everything. It needed headphone but I don't want to cover my phone is sweat while running so I looked at wireless headphones. I was impressed with other Anker products the ergonomic mouse, solar panel charger and the Anker  wireless speaker- really good sound quality so I order this headphone set.  There are other models and I wasn't sure this one would fit, I emailed Anker and a representative got back that I had 30 days if they didn't work I could return them. I don't need to.The sound quality is nice, not sure if its my phone settings but the bass wasn't there as much (I'll play around with phone settings), Over all the fit while running is good-the cord does like to find its self on  the control side of my head but not bad. They stay firm on my head. The battery last through my work out I haven't tested whole long it will go before another charge.  For their price they are very nice headphones"		
4	:	"When these arrived I charged them then linked them to my iPhone. It took a little longer than expected but was very easy to link. I was a surprised at the lack of bass response but satisfied with the overall fidelity. I think that with this type of ear bud the most important part is that they are comfortable. These are so comfortable right out of the box that, with no adjustments whatsoever, they are so comfy that I often forget they are there. I have some wired earbuds that have better sound, but they are not as comfortable for long term use, and they are not secure in my ear like these are.So overall I am satisfied with this product and just wish it had more bass. I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to listen to music while working out or exercising in any form. They work great while on a bicycle and they surely beat the silence on a two-hour solo ride on desert trails."		
3	:	"You can't beat the price for what you get. They sync up very quickly and hassle free. They are by NO means loud and have little to no bass. They come with tons of different sized rubber things so you can find the right fit. The battery life is phenomenal, you can get a solid 3 days out of them without charging. My biggest gripe is that 90% of the time I'm only wearing 1 bud. So when you have the other bud wrapped around your neck and draped down your shoulder its so heavy that it just yanks the other bud out of your ear and its really annoying. It came with a little clip that you are able to attach the cord to your shirt to alleviate this problem. The little clip is garbage. It fell apart in about a week. Luckily, I noticed it falling apart and caught the microscopic pin that holds the clip together. I reassembled the clip, about 3 times over a 2 month period. I finally got sick of it and put some lock tight on the pin, didn't work. So now, without a clip, these okay headphones are really just a nuisance."		
5	:	"I got these for Christmas and have used them fairly heavily since then.Pros:- they actually stay on my ears- work well- included controls on the wire for volume- includes different ear pieces- included carrying case- recharge ability- great battery life - about 12-17 hours until I have to charge.Cons:- still ???wired???- drops out a few times for a second.- a bit bulky- not top notch sound qualityThe price on these headphones was amazing and I would highly recommend them, but you must know the drawbacks.  For the price these can???t be beat!"		
2	:	Excellent headphones. These fit really well and the battery life is fantastic.  The overall comfort of these headphones are great. The volume is a little low on these and there isn't a great deal of bass however that is pretty common for headphones in this price range. Overall these are excellent headphones for the price.Update - 4/26/18:I have to drop my rating down a bit as the headphones broke after a few months. These were doing great however the left earbud separated from the housing. I noticed this one side was looser early on and eventually it broke off. These seem to be cheaply made so it's not a big surprise. It's a bummer because until they broke I really enjoyed these. I don't think I would buy them again in the future though just based on the quality.		
3	:	"Great sound for the value price. They fit well in the ear and don't move around too much. However, I had two issues which caused me to lower my rating. First, of all the other bluetooth headphones I've used, these require the volume on my iphone to be raised much higher to get the same level of sound than other headphones. Not sure if this will have a noticeably adverse effect on battery life, but time will tell. The second issue that actually bothers me more is that the shirt clip broke immediately as I was trying to insert the headphone wire. This is frustrating since the volume and play controls are located on the wire of the right bud, which creates a weight distribution discrepancy so without a clip, I find myself have to readjust the headphones every few minutes during a workout."		
3	:	"con: i have noticed that the volume does not get too high with these headphones. I use these for the gym but i can hear the gym's music while i have these on. Compared to the Anker Soundbuds slim, those are a lot louder. only Con but it is a big deal for me.pros: secure fit, sometimes pairs automatically with my iphone, Battery lasts longer that 12 hours at times, quality is really nice.I really enjoy this product and if you don't have better quality headphones already, then this is perfect. gym purposes I would buy this product again. Never had any problems with Anker stuff anyway.** updated ** - 2018Everything above is still accurate.However, my left headphone stopped working all of a sudden from charging. I have used these headphones for a long time (a year-give or take) and always used them the same way and never been rough with them. Anker products are amazing, I am just surprised this happened. but for $20 and a years worth of wear and tear its up to you if its worth purchasing."		
5	:	"So far I have loved them. I see no cons as of yet.The sound quality is top notch especially for the price, they are comparable to most mid grade headphones ($120-150 range)The feel of them is great, they are a soft silicone like material that stays comfortable over long runs or gym sessions.They are practically noise cancelling.Easy to connect to Bluetooth, atleast on iPhoneHold charge for quite a while, I was surprisedPacking comes in a very nice little box and has a bunch of goodies like extra pieces, charger and a carrying case.As of now if you are reading this I would recommend this 10/10. Make sure to get these. If they end up giving me problems down the road I???ll update this review."		
5	:	"Let's get this out of the way:  I love headphones.  I LOVE them.  I travel a lot, work from time to time in loud datacenters, I'm the guy you see on the plane with the nice noise cancelling headphones.  After considering the low price of these headphones and some of the nit-pickier reviews discussing frequency response and such, I decided to try them.  I'm usually a pain in the butt reading reviews and shopping forever trying to decide.I've had them at home for about an hour now and all I can say is that they sound GREAT.Do they sound like $1000 headphones?  Will you be able to hear the breathing of the guitar player subtly in the background of your music and ""re-discover"" it?  NO!  Of course not.  But that doesn't mean they don't sound very VERY good.They DO sound VERY good.  Bass response is more than adequate, unless you're expecting the ""bounce-off-your-ears"" thumping from a set of Beats cans.The rest of the EQ also sounds great.  Volume is thumping my ears right now.  Voices are crystal clear.  I'm listening to bass-heavy tracks right now and I don't hear any noticeable distortion at full volume.I have big ears and usually don't go for wrap-around ear buds.  I strapped these on and didn't have to adjust anything at all.  They fit me like a glove.  Since these are the ""sealing"" type of ear buds, they also have pretty darn good outside noise isolation. They're also a great fit inside my ear canal.  Good seal, without feeling like my ear drums are being sucked out.Bottom line:  For the price, I LOVE these right out of the box.  GREAT sound, super comfy on the ears, easy controls.Recommended?:  YES!  Just freaking buy a pair.  If you hate them, send them back.  My hunch is that they'll be staying at your house after they arrive."		
5	:	"And now I trust their audio products as well. Out of the box they fit comfortably. If the OEM fit doesn't work for you there are plenty other attachments in the box.Granted my hearing isn't perfect due to mild hearing loss, I found the audio quality better than the wired earphones I was previously using. Your milage may vary as it a mixture of a few factors, one of which is if your device has a compatible codec that is of higher quality. In this case my phone did.With the OEM setup, the bass was decent. The song I listened to was primarily acoustical and I could hear the bass clear. It wasn't thumping like car audio but it was noticeable.Pairing was quick and easy to my phone, will be attempting other devices later, hopefully no issues pairing and reparing.I have two minor gripes however, they are not major enough to warrant deducting a star. If the second one becomes an issue, then I may.The first is the charging cable that is included. Yes we all have other cables lying around however that's no reason to include the shortest cable I have ever seen (can't recall if any of their battery packs have the same cable).The second is the cover for the charging port. It was a bit awkward to insert the cable as I felt that I might rip it off. I'm not sure if the cover can be pulled out a bit and rotated as I don't want to destroy it. If it becomes damaged then it's possible for moisture to sneak in and there goes the selling point of water resistant, the coating isn't on the connector and nor could it be."		
3	:	"Out of the package I charged these over night.  Battery lasted through a 2 hour workout so that???s a plus.The sound is greater on the right than left.  The volume could go up higher.  The volume on the left side is absolutely different than the the right.  Maybe that???s how it???s supposed to be for sound effect but I don???t like it.  Makes it sound like I???m losing my hearing in my left ear.  The part that goes over the ear is soft and bendy so it???s comfirtable.  They are a bit too big for my little ears but they never fell off.  The part that goes IN the ear still wants to slide out when I sweat and because those ear pieces that hang on to the top of the ear are too big, the ear buds don???t stay in tight.The control was easy to use and the cord length was perfect.My son just bought Beats in this form and although they are much pricier, the sound they push out is worth it.For these I think you get what you pay for."		
4	:	"At first these worked great, but now they won't pair with my Pixel 2 XL. They show up on the list of bluetooth devices, but whenever I try to pair it says ""cannot communicate with soundbuds curve."" I tried turning it on and off, turning my phone on and off, every combination of buttons and holding down buttons... These were nice when they were able to pair.Update: I had my phone forget the device, then tried to re-pair and it still didn't work. So I had it forget them again and left it overnight. For some reason this morning they are able to pair again. Maybe this is an issue with my phone but I didn't have any trouble with my older BT headphones -- anyway these are solid headphones for the most part, not sure why I had that pairing issue."		
1	:	"I purchased these earphones for my son for Christmas last year.  They worked great and had a very good battery life....then, one ear stopped working.  I assumed it may have been a ""user issue"" or maybe he played music too loud that it blew one of the ears out?!  Well, I bought a pair for my daughter and they will not connect to bluetooth....they may connect for a minute but then disconnect.  This has been going on for months.  We tried to charge them, assuming they weren't charged enough. We'd power them down, back up and try again...nothing.  Super disappointed.  At this point I'm sure this company will not exchange them but clearly there is a problem with this item....or maybe we're just unlucky and got two ""bad"" pairs?  That seems unlikely though.  The battery life on these is better than most wireless earphones which is the reason we bought them....but its not really worth it if they don't connect to bluetooth or don't have sound in one ear."		
4	:	"I'd give these five stars, as they're my first introduction to bluetooth! It's incredible! The earpieces that come equipped on each headphone fit me great, and block out the majority of the outside world's sound. I've worn these in the rain, through really sweaty workouts and have spilled water on them. And they're Faaaaaaantastic still!  I even use them to play white noise while I sleep some nights, since I live in a noisier place than I'd like. So they're comfy at night(I'm a side sleeper). Battery life.. I work ten hour days and I /have/ to charge them once about five-six hours in.. Then  I charge them again before I ride home just to be sure. But charging with a fast charger takes about 30-45min for  a full bout of 5-6hours of CONSTANT music.The ONLY reason I am not giving these five stars is because from time to time, the signal breaks up after a fresh charge. Or the wire gets bumped weird and crackles.. But after 10-15 minutes it's perfectly fine. I'm not sure what's up with that. BUT for like $25 for wireless headphones I'm totally okay with that. I got these in December, it's February now and these are still my main mode of listening to tunes and going to sleep. :)"		
5	:	"The good:So when these popped up when I was searching for bluetooth headphones I was skeptical at first. I saw about 50 reviews and they were all good and praising these headphones so it made me doubt them. I was thinking people are just lowering their standards. I decided to take a chance and try them out. After trying them I was surprised, these are amazing! They have really good bass and are super light weight. I don't even feel them on my head when lifting weights. They also fit amazingly on my ears. The battery on these are amazing, I have used them at the gym for 5 days straight for a little over an hour each time and the battery is going strong. The price on these is really good the only thing that upset me is that on the day I received them Amazon had them on sale for 8 dollars less than what I had paid. Its o though because these are amazing.The not so good:Someone else had said that the cord on these was to thin and I believe they may be right. I see the thin cord falling apart in the future but hopefully I'm wrong. Another thing is the controller on the cord is not very heavy but sometimes I find it slightly leaning to one side. I have not gone running with these yet but when lifting it's not an issue."		
5	:	"UPDATE: After contact Anker Support, they kindly  replace the SoundBuds, and the new ones works great, I've used daily since I receive and works great.Amazing support and customer service.ORIGINAL COMMENT:  This is the first time that any Anker product fail me, I bought this for listen music while ride bike, after only 6 uses (3 hours per use) in less than a month don't work anymore, don't charge, don't turn on, don't do nothing, very disappointed of been spend my money on these."		
5	:	"The headphones were FANTASTIC.  They stayed in my ears, the volume easy to adjust and they connected to my phone seamlessly.  I was SO excited with my purchase.  Life had changed!Until one morning they wouldn't turn off.  Frustrating, but after trying 3 or 4 times, they turned off.  THEN they wouldn't charge.  I would plug in and they wouldn't begin charging.  I tried everything and I can't get them to charge.  So now they're useless.  I'm so disappointed.  I have reached out to Anker directly.May 2018 UPDATE!!! I emailed Anker about the issues with my headphones and they sent me a brand new pair, free of charge.  They didn't ask for me to send them the broken pair.  The new set have been working great!  I waited to use them multiple times, including multiple charges before posting an update - things are great.  I've updated my rating from a 2 star to 5 star.  I will give Anker Customer Support a 5 star any day!"		
5	:	"At first I was not sure, then I put the smaller ear piece on, and that allowed these to sit just slightly in the ear, sealing off the world, and pushing crystal clear music with some real bass. I immediately fell in love with them once I had them fitted properly. These are very intuitive to use as well, I just turned them on and they immediately paired with my trusty old note 4 and off I went, no instructions needed. Volume worked as expected, and the controls to skip forward and back also worked like a charm immediately. I even liked where the mic sits as well. All in all, I would say these are very well thought out headphones, and for $40 bucks, I am happy with this purchase. Here's to them holding up to me!"		
5	:	"I've been buying cheaper wireless earphones for a while now.  I wasn't happy with all of them due to them not being comfortable or the design sucked.  I like the Beats design but didn't want to pay the price.  When I saw the Anker SoundBuds I knew I had to give it a try.These things are comfortable and I love the loop.  It provides enough support without the pressure.  I'm not an audiophile but I think this thing sounds great.  Bass is subtle but if you put on something bass heavy, it does boom just fine.  It connects to my iPhone with no problem and connects quick.  I took this on a 4-hour flight recently and had 60% battery left when I landed.  I also wore it for the entire trip as I found it comfortable enough to do.  I had an issue with the USB door not closing properly and Anker took care of it no problem.  Their customer service responded quick, gave me a prepaid label, and sent me the replacement quickly. It wasn't a hassle at all.The only downside is that the controls makes the cable right sided heavy.  So if you wear the cable behind your neck, the cable will drag to the right.  I opted to just wear the cable in front of me and it's been comfortable.These are by far my most favorite wireless earphones and I'm happy I didn't spend much more on the Beats.  Overall, I totally recommend them and I would buy these again in a heartbeat."		
5	:	"I had my Soundbuds for 5 months when they started to act up, turning off when just charged, disconnecting and not reconnecting via Bluetooth, static, etc. That lasted about 3 days before they just stopped working. (Before that the headphones worked well and were comfortable but the one complaint I had was when moving the power and volume switch would bounce). I got on Amazon to find out what I could do about getting these replaced. After viewing the order, which wasn't any help(Amazon/Anker could put a link to the company website for warranty claims) I went to the Anker website(don't click the highlighted Anker above the product description, it just takes you to their amazon store and I didn't see a support link). At the top of their website roll your pointer over the Support tab and then click on Exchange. Just fill out the info as best you can. I submitted my claim at 11pm and got an email saying they received the claim and will get back to me ASAP. the next email I got was at 2 am(3 hrs later) saying they will replace the headphones but they needed the SN which was on the cable at work so I didn't have it in the initial claim. I emailed the SN at 11 am and received the next email at 1140 pm stating they were going to replace the headphones. In a little over 24 hrs they agreed the product was faulty and needed to be replaced without even seeing the product or having to return it at all. By 1040 am the next morning I received an email stating they had shipped the new headphones and gave me a tracking link to USPS. When I checked the status I saw they shipped using First Class mail. Within 36 hrs they had shipped me a new product, which 9 of those hrs being on me having to get the SN to them. I am very happy with this purchase and company. I will update if the next set of headphones has issues."		
5	:	"1. Stays on your ears like a barnacle on a ship.I used to purchase really awful $10 earbuds from discount stores like TJ Maxx or Ross Dress for Less, but they always had one main problem: the earbuds never stayed in my ears. I used to just jam my old earbuds into my ear canal as hard as possible and hope that the power of the suction would just keep the earbuds in place, but they still fell out of my ears 3-5 times a workout without fail. I'm pretty sure I have weirdly shaped ear canals so that doesn't help either.These though-- these are different. The curved ""hook"" that goes over the top of your ears keeps the Soundbuds anchored to your ear. And the shape of the earbud, in general, ensures that the earbud is constantly engaged in your ear canal. I've used these for about a month now and these have seriously never, ever, fallen off of my ears ever, even when I was sprinting on the treadmill. This has never happened before; I love these.2. Water resistantI go to the gym, a lot. I lift, I run, I spin. But most of all, I SWEAT. Y'all, my face is like a hot water faucet within the first ten minutes of my workout. Despite all of the face sweat dripping off the sides of my face and into my ear, these have never fallen off, nor have they ever shown signs of water damage. The old earbuds I used to buy consistently broke down after two months or so of sweaty workouts-- the music would get corrupted, the battery life would shorten, or the entire thing would just die. But my SoundBuds are seriously as waterproof as they claim; even my ear sweat can't touch it.3. Insane battery lifeI use these for 2-3 hours every day, but I charge these maybe every week or week and a half. The battery life is really incredible and doesn't take more than a few hours to completely fuel up. I'm so in love.4. Unbeatable priceI mean. Come on. ~$25 for the best wireless earbuds I've ever used in my entire life? I've purchased at least 4 pairs of bad $10 TJ Maxx earbuds, all of which broke within three months. Meanwhile, my SoundBuds are comfortable, faithfully attached to my ears, waterproof, light, customizable, and ONLY $25. If you're a gym person like me or you just use/abuse earbuds a lot but don't intend to spend $100 on overpriced Beats, get these. This was quite possibly the best investment I've made in ear-related things in my entire adult life."		
5	:	"I've used these for a few months now and am really enjoying them. I mostly use them for podcasts but occasionally watch movies or listen to music. The sound tends to get distorted w/ bass, but for little guys they're impressive. The real reason these guys shine is the range. I've had headphones that cut out when I'm walking with my phone in my pocket. That never happens with these. I also walk away from my desk, leaving my phone behind and the sound doesn't cut out. The battery life is pretty decent too. All around these are great.Update: Two major issues I've had since the purchase. 1 the rubber earbud that wraps around the ear piece broke. It functioned after that but didn't fit well. Whatever. Then the whole earbud broke in two. Not sure how but I only ever keep it in the included case or around my neck so it seems like a build quality issue. I'm past the return window by a couple weeks. Pretty disappointed.Update: Anker reached out to me because the headphones have an 18 month warranty. They offered to send a replacement set of headphones. Awesome company very happy!"		
5	:	"I have been wanting a pair of bluetooth headphones since the Apple took the standard 3.5mm jack off of the iphone, also more recently i got an apple watch and it is the only way.  The one thing holding me back was 1) most that i would put money down for are way more expensive 2) in ear headphones aren't my favorite, i didn't want large over ear headphones (use mostly at gym).I came across these on special at just oer $20, for the price i figured why not, plus i had bought Anker products in the past and have been pleased.I have only had these for a week and they are amazing.  The sound is very good.  Bass is deep and rich, maybe just a bit too much and the highs aren't overpowering. I am sure some true audiophiles would scoff, but when you are exercising, your main focus isn't picking out the one instrument that no one else can hear on a track layered under the main vocals, bass line, drums, etc...In ear headphones are still not my favorite, but they supply plenty of different tip sizes and ear tabs (?) to adjust to everyone. It also comes with a nice little hard side case for them.And did i mention these are under $30? You can hardly get a decent set of wired headphones for $30.Being my major hang up with these is just a personal preference, for the price (on special or not), what is included, and how they sound. This is a 5 star product to me.  Plus when I have had issue with Anker Products their support group is awesome and were very responsive/helpful and would expect the same if i did wind up having an issue with these."		
5	:	Solid earbuds. They don't feel uncomfortable. They sound solid nothing sounds too overwhelming like some earbuds in this price range can do. Definitely at this price worth it.They don't seem too get isolated enough or loud enough to block everything out in my environment. Also vocals in some songs tend to feel lacking. But then other more popular songs sound great.So a 3 because outside noise bleeding in sadly but other than that they are solid and worth it.-update-Anker reached out and offered a refund over my dissatisfaction. I enjoy Anker products and was happy to see them be so engaged in me have a quality and making everything worth it. So I have updated my review to 5 stars just based on the great customer support.		
5	:	"UPDATE BELOWOnly had them for a few hours of use, but already love them.  I was looking for a new set of headphones to use when doing yard work and projects around the house, and needed a pair that wouldn't constantly fall out of my ears when I move around and turn my head.  These work perfectly and are very comfortable!The sound is fantastic and I was quite surprised with the amount bass produced.  The location of the controls are for enough forward you can grab them quickly and they don't rub on your shoulder, but not so close they rub your neck or will pull out the earbud when used.UPDATE 12/21/17:  Still loving these.  Battery life has stayed consistent, and they havn't shown any signs of wear."		
5	:	"I have had my share of wireless headphones, and they all seem to last between 12 - 18 months.  My last pair cost more than $200, but they still gave out after 18 months.  I bought these Anker SoundBuds with the thinking that if they give out in 12 months, then I would have gotten my money's worth.  I have had them for a few months, and so far, the work as well today as they did the day I got them.I have avoided posting a review until I could use these for a few months.  I use mine approximately two hours a day, so after a few months I can comfortably recommend these headphones to others.  I use these headphones primarily to listen to books on tape and some music.  I am not an audiophile, and I am sure there are some out there who find worth in $200+ headphones for the sound quality.  I honestly don't see any quality difference between these Anker headphones and the other (more expensive) headphones I have owned.A few points of note:1) The battery life is impressive.  I don't know what they are rated at, but I recharge about once a week.  It gives you a little beep when it is running out, letting you know you have about 20 or so minutes left.2) I am very happy with the fit.  After a few hours in my ears, I have no noticeable discomfort or pain.  They have never fallen out or become dislodged.3) The bluetooth connection to my phone lets me talk on the phone with these things.  The microphone is quite nice and I haven't had a complaint when using these.  My wife actually asks me to put them on as she hears me better when I am talking to her with these (vs. using just my phone).4) The length of the wire (between the right and left phone) is just right, not too long and not too short.I do not run or bike with these headphones, so I cannot review if they are good or not for those activities.  But for working around the house, washing the car, walking around the block, etc. these guys are perfect."		
5	:	"I really like these ear buds, the first Bluetooth ones I've ever had. The sound quality is great, the earpieces are comfortable, and it comes with a big assortment of sizes and styles to ensure a comfy, stable fit. I love the little clip on the wire connecting the buds to each other which I clip to my collar when out walking. My only issue is that for some reason they pick up static esp when connected to my samsung S8, and so far only if I'm listening to an audiobook. Strange.  I'm still giving a 5-star rating because I'm not sure if the issue is with my phone or the earbuds. They make it easy to answer/end calls, raise/lower volume, pause/resume; battery life is great. Highly recommend."		
3	:	"I've had these for a year now, and so I finally feel comfortable giving these a thorough review.I'll start off with the good:I feel like the battery life was excellently as advertised, and the packaging/supply of tips was up to Anker standards. I certainly have the impression that these are durable (hey, they've lasted a year) and the Bluetooth range was a solid 30ft or so. While sound quality is always dependent on the seal, I seemed to hear really muddled low ends that lacked a punch even when getting these perfectly situated. That said, I'd say the sound quality was a solid 4/5, especially considering the price. The aptX really shows its worth there.The bad, however:The buttons, while functional, always seem to be too heavy and pull towards the right side. (Oh, and you can expect that little round cable cinch that's supposed to keep the wire taut behind you to disappear within a few weeks or less.) You'd think this would be more of a problem while running (and it is), but I've constantly noticed myself having to adjust the cord while just walking around. And say if I was running, I'd have an even bigger, more annoying issue to deal with: the sound cuts out consistently with movement. This was especially problematic while trying to ride my bicycle, but it still happened to a lesser extent while just jogging. It's honestly the biggest reason I've stopped using these for exercise and probably what's helped them last so long. If I do decide to use these for mostly stational weightlifting, the earpieces don't seem to be very sweat-resistant either, which eventually  causes sound distortion and discomfort. Lastly, that hook around the ear is secure but can be very bothersome if you wear glasses while wearing these. The frame of your glasses always seems to want to be in the same spot that those hooks go and vice-versa. This actually caused quite a bit of lasting discomfort if worn for longer periods of time, which also contributed to my disuse of these.Overall, these are budget headphones that have decent sound and could be great for casual use. I use them every once in a while at the office, and they perform well there, especially considering the battery life. However, I have been fairly disappointed with their performance during physical activity and cannot recommend them for that purpose."		
5	:	"This is the fourth pair of bluetooth earbuds I have reviewed on Amazon. So far these are the best, by far.(1) I use them all day, and the battery never dies. Incredible.(2) Sound quality is *vastly* improved over the previous version of the Anker earbuds.(3) So far they seem very sturdy. I often fall asleep listening to podcasts, and I move around a lot at night, which always gives earbuds quite a beating. I will report back when I finally manage to destroy these???but so far, two weeks in, I have zero complaints about their quality.(4) With the largest pads (included), the seal is perfect on my enormous ears, and the sound isolating properties are great. I use them at work when someone is having a conversation right behind me, and they are a delight.(5) The hooks are nice and soft, and although I would prefer not to have hooks over my ears, these fit more comfortably than any with hooks that I have used before. Really good design."		
4	:	"Update-I was contacted by customer service after posting that my Headphones stopped working. They were great and have sent me a new pair. Although I was disappointed that my first pair gave out, I'm happy that I get a chance to give them another try. Thanks Anker.Disappointed. I bought these in early October. I use them about 2 times a week. I???m not hard on them. Yesterday they died in the middle of a hike. They just stopped working. They will not charge. They won???t turn on.....nothing. They were good while they lasted but they didn???t last long at all. I rely on music during my hikes and workouts. To have the earbuds die in the middle is horrible."		
4	:	"Updated review:So I contacted the seller, and after jumping through a few hoops (sending the serial number, trying a different way to charge them, etc.), they sent me a new set of headphones.  So far so good, although I only used them once.  Let's see.  But the seller stood by their product, which is nice to see.Original review below:Terrible!!!  The headphones lasted a little over a month and I used them no more than 3 times.  They worked great for the first two weeks.  Then I recharged them and used them once more.  The next time I tried to use them, they were out of charge, so I recharged them (or so I thought).  When I tried to turn them on....nothing.  I tried to recharge again.  Still nothing.  Completely dead.Don't buy these headphones.  It's VERY disappointing that they only lasted a month and 3 uses.  TERRIBLE!!!!"		
5	:	"Ok so at first I had some jbirds that i bought for like 150 and they were really good but after a while I went thought all the ear pieces and they started to hurt my ear , but who cares right because I was just trying to listen to music at the gym but than I washed them and they got absolutely destroyed  now all I have is wired headphones which are a Nuisance at the gym they just get in the way.  So I look on Amazon and see these on the today's deals and I'm like yo these things are only 35 so basically I got them because they are cheap .. and honestly they are one of the best or the best pair of headphones I've ever had ... moral of the story is just because something isn't expensive doesn't mean it ain't no good Vice versa"		
1	:	"Final Edit:  The pair they sent me to replace the first defective pair has now stopped working too. Less than 6 months of ownership.  I see no reason to contact them for yet another POC replacement, as I've been through 2 in 6 months.First Edit: These stopped working after some weeks.  I dealt with the company directly, and after several emails, they sent me another pair.  So far, the second pair is working...sort of...if you move the wire, the sound cuts in and out.  Thus, while just sitting and watching tv, if I move the wire from the front to the back of me, the sound cuts out.  Because of the failure of the first pair, and the cutting in and out of the second pair (which also happened on the first pair), I feel like I need to buy another set as back up (not from Anker though) lest these fail too, and I disturb others with tv noise.Great price, works fine, but when the heck are they going to make BT headphones that can charge while in use.  More geeks just winging things out without thinking of human beings.  Seriously: chew gum and walk at the same time.  (Not just directed at Anker, but at all)"		
4	:	"To start, I am an enormous fan of Anker. I've bought a ton of cables and power banks from them over the years because they really know how to make a quality product. Their customer service is also top notch. I chose to purchase the Soundbuds when my Sony Wireless headphones lost their ear cup a couple of months ago - I also needed a pair or earbuds I could take with me to class or the gym now that I had a Pixel 2 XL (no audio jack). These are, by far, the easiest earbuds to pair with, plus they actually make cups that fit my tiny ear canal, which really increases the comfort of the fit. The only concern is that the sound isn't as full-bodied as I'm use to. It's not bad on podcasts (which is what I primarily listen to), but certain songs lose the fullness of their sound. However, it's comparing a $30 pair of wireless earbuds to a set of $119 refurbished headphones - for the price, you can't really beat these, plus you have the benefit of Anker backed support. Worth the money!"		
4	:	"It's been 2 months since my purchase date and the sound in the right earbud has already started fading significantly. I was really loving these headphones until the noticeable volume difference between the two sides. Not sure why this is as I've always been using the pouch that comes with the headphones to store it in.Prior to the volume change, the headphones were pretty good. My music sounded great and the volume can get pretty loud. The best part was that these also functioned for noise reduction! I would put these headphones on at starbucks and the loud music/chatters would immediate dissipate. Too bad they are already starting to malfunction.---------Update: Customer support reached out to me almost instantly and stated this should not have happened. They sent me a new pair very quickly and the new pair has been working great so far! No diminished sound volume or quality. Thank you!"		
5	:	"Sound is great for my taste, they fit great. I really don't like earphones that go all the way inside the ear canal, and these are this type, however, the little things that goes around the ear, makes you capable of using them ""on ear"", instead of inside (Which is how I use them), but they won't fall off your ears. This is a great thing, as you can decide weather to have the noise isolated or not. Also, this gives you the chance to take them off your ear canal, but the still hanging on your ears, in case you need to listen to something else for a moment, but don't want to put them away completely. The bt range is amazing too, I move all around my house, leaving my phone on my bedroom while charging, and they connection had never drop. Now, the real reason why I gave them 5 stars... I get 2-3 days out of 1 charge, which is AMAZING! And I'm not talking about light usage, I'm talking about 3 to 5 hours listening to music daily, and the third day, I may get the beep indicating the battery is low"		
4	:	"I just ordered and received my 3rd curve.. I just love them! I ordered duplicates because I like to have one to use while the other is charging. I have had a bunch of different kinds of inexpensive BT earbuds, and the Curve is by far the best. My favorite feature is the battery life. I don???t know if really gets 14 hours, but it gets at least 12, and that???s enough for me. I???m one of those jerks that walks around all day with earbuds in my ears, so battery life is VERY important to me. BT range is also very good; 100 ft or more. I also like the ear loops, as I can???t stand having my earbuds falling out. I can???t really comment on the sound quality, as I use them almost exclusively for phone calls, podcasts, and audio books (i.e. spoken word as opposed to music). However they sound pretty good to me. The only problems I have had with them are that they occasionally drop the BT signal (no big deal; I just push the button and get the signal back) and the last one I ordered was a complete dud (I just returned it and ordered a new one that appears to work just fine). These are the only reasons I gave 4 stars instead of 5."		
5	:	"Awwww yeah.  I have had the worst time finding blue tooth headphones.  Either, they don't fit and fall off, or they'res no sound in them.  These Anker Soundbuds I purchased after watching several utube vids on it.  The sound quality matches those of Beats, except a like a fraction of the price.  What I really like are the hooks and bud combo.  It stays very securely.  I read somewhere and it is true that if you have a smaller size bud, it will effect the sound.  I changed the buds to smaller..less bass and sound.  when I put them back to the med...it was good.  the notification of letting you know it's on or off is great and it does last long on a charge.  I jog on the treadmill, and do strength training.  No probs.  I also box..but I haven't tried it yet on that since I do shake my head a lot.  But overall...the greatest Bluetooth set that I have ever owned."		
4	:	"sound quality is fine  and I use it for 2 days with one charge yesterday for 8 hours and today for 6 hours and its still running, I hope the battery will stay like this after a year from now, I took a hot shower with it and nothing wrong happen but I did not trying for swimming yet,  its very light, comfortable come with many earbuds size to fit the all kind of ears, for the price this is a perfect buy, I did charge it once but I was not able to watch how long it took to recharge I will update as soon I do watch the charge time.one bad thing about it, the side of the audio control pulling the cable to the right side(right ear) due to its wight and there is nothing to hang the cable with your shirt to keep it fixed."		
5	:	"Update. Anker responded to my review with several suggestions to restore the right earbud but the fixes didn""t work. A very nice CSR named Shelly emailed me and said they were sending a replacement set. Got it right away. I still like how comfortable they are and am so happy I have a working set. Nice to see a company so responsive and helpful!(Original Review: Right earbud quit working after 6 mos. of very occasional use. Comfortable tho...and easy to connect. They WERE my favorites!)"		
5	:	"Anker does it again! It seems like Anker can do no wrong. In the past I have bought many of there products from battery packs to several wireless headphones and in all honesty I cannot complain. These headphones are no exception. I recently bought the Sennheiser 4.40bt headphones for $162.00, if I would have known the quality of the Anker Curve wired headphones I would have saved my money. The Anker Curve has strong bass and clarity and they can get very loud. They do not feel cheap except for the controls. I feel like they should update that part. Call quality is good in my opinion and I???m a truck driver driving a noisy truck, people don???t seem to complain. Their is no delay when playing music or a YouTube video. AND they are super CONFORTABLE!Just buy them and thank me later!"		
5	:	"***update***Amazon issued me a refund and Anker contacted me directly to send me another set to try out and I???m very pleased with them! I???ve used them for about a week now in the gym and they sound great. I truly don???t think you can find a better set of Bluetooth headphones in this price range.Must have been a mix up because the headphones I received were used, still had a little ear wax and maybe makeup or something else smeared on them, missing the carrying case and the charging cable had the inner wire exposed. Pretty disappointing as soon as I opened the box the headphones were just loose in there tangled up with the charging cable. Only good thing was that they shipped to me very quickly, I already started a refund still debating if I want to try these headphones again."		
1	:	"After receiving the item, I used it right away and everything was good until the battery depleted.I charged the headphone and after that it never turned on again.I could see that the charge was full because the red light turned to blue but pressing and holding the power button did absoultely nothing. I tried many times.After that I searched online and discovered that many users are complaining about the same issue and returning their products. I regret that I didn't do a thorough research before buying this item. I guess the price and the brand name combination encouraged me to go ahead and purchase it but it ended up being a mistake.It became an even bigger problem since I ordered this from US to UAE and had to wait all this time for the shipment and now will have to wait again for the delivery to reach US and to get a refund.I will think three times before buying cheap set of headphones or any Anker product."		
2	:	"I got these after a lousy experience with expensive wireless ear buds.  The best thing about these was how easy it was to get them to fit in your ears.  And as long as all you're doing is standing around or going for a walk in a t-shirt, they should be fine.  Sound was good for the cost, so no issues there.Unfortunately, these are marketed for workouts and this is why I got them.  Here's where all the trouble starts.First thing I noticed was that the volume control on the cable is so heavy it pulls everything toward your right side.  The cable starts to loop up around your right ear and any bouncing movement (jump rope, burpies, heavy bag work, running, etc.) causes the left ear bud to want to pull out of your ear.  They're secure enough to where they don't come out of your ear, but it's definitely trying and it's distracting above and beyond anything else happening to you at that moment.Second thing is you can't wear ANYTHING beyond a t-shirt.  I tried wearing these with a flannel, and then with a jacket, but the cable that routes behind your head snags onto the clothing like that's what it was designed to do.  Everything's cool if you're looking straight ahead, but if you look to the left, it tries to pull the right ear bud out, and looking to the right causes the same problem with the left ear bud.After trying a high end pair, and now these, I will be sticking with the free wired ear buds that came with my phone."		
3	:	"After the second time I charged the set, it worked for 45 min and died.  Won't charge anymore.  Tried multiple charges and wires but nothing.  Waste of money.Update: emailed the customer service and their response was great and they sent me a new pair to try again.  They have followed up several times to see how things are going.  I am not sure if they new one will work for long and I will update this review but I can say that their customer service was impeccable.  Kudos to that team!"		
5	:	"I've been really skeptical of bluetooth headphones, so much so that I've almost considered either giving up and going back to being wired or shelling out almost $200 to get a pair of AirPods. These headphones sold me. Also, I'll possible use the terms 'headphones', 'ear buds' and 'headset' - please don't read into this, I've always just jumbled these together, and I think most people do (see: debate over clip/magazine in regards to firearms).There are a few reasons - I'll try my best to be coherent and not ramble.1) WHAT YOU HEAR - The volume range is GREAT. The sound is VERY clear. I'm hesitant to say 'crystal clear', because I think that can only really happen through a wired pair of headphones. These come with a noise cancelling tip set, which I can only imagine would enhance the already remotely noise cancelling experience of the basic tips (this is a good thing, you don't want to hear annoying sounds in the background while you're enjoying music [PLEASE WALK AROUND IN PUBLIC WITH FULL AWARENESS, DON'T GET RUN OVER, ETC.]2) RANGE - with other pairs of bluetooth headphones that I've bought, if I held my phone by my waist (not holding it up), they'd disconnect. With others, if it was too windy, they'd cut out with every other gust of wind. THESE HEADPHONES BARELY CUT OUT FROM ACROSS THE HOUSE FROM MY PHONE. I placed my phone on my windowsill, walked out of my bedroom, through the dining room, through the kitchen, past the bathroom, to the front room and only then did it start to get choppy. Not that you NEED to be able to walk however many feet away from your phone, but you'd be able to get away with leaving your phone in your pocket and never worry, or if you're working out, you can probably leave your phone in a safe place and be perfectly fine (though susceptible to getting your phone stolen, you'll know when the audio cuts out!)3) BATTERY LIFE - I have not used them long enough to confirm 12.5 hours of use, but considering the amount of people confirming the very healthy battery life (one person quoting between 11-13 hours depending on the volume you're playing at), I believe the claim. The charge seems to check out as well, pretty fast recharge.4) PRICE -  the black pair shows as $19.49, the other colored pairs show up as $25.99 (for what it's worth, these pairs might be different. This is a review on the black pair). At $19.49 (not considering tax), you're getting headphones that allegedly last up to 12.5 hours, you're getting a few different sets of tips and the wings that make the headphones more sturdy within your ear, you're getting a small little case and a charge cable. All of these things I've mentioned (outside of the alleged battery life) are remotely standard for bluetooth headphones in this price range. You get small, medium and large tips as well as wings, and there is also a noise cancelling  tip set, just one set (which is fine, haven't tested them, probably won't).FINAL THOUGHTS - I think that this pair of ear buds will be a staple in my life going forward. I've really wanted to make the switch to wireless, and I've bought so many cheap headphones, I've even bought headphones in this price range, if not higher. The only problems I have with this is that there isn't like a magnetic clasp at the back of the ear buds (i.e. where it says ANKER). while the ear buds don't necessarily get tangled, it does feel a little awkward hooking one ear's hook into the other's hook, or wrapping the wire around one bud and trying to lock it in with the other. Other than that, I really can't see any other issue that I have with them. I've seen people complain about the microphone not sounding too good but I really don't like the concept of using a microphone attached to a pair of headphones. I think it looks really goofy (no offense).Also - to anyone concerned about the amount of people reviewing these as 1, 2 and 3 stars, please consider the reality that most people are not capable of doing simple things like syncing the headphones to their phone, or charging the headphones before trying to use them - things like this. A grain of salt, if you will.In closing - if you're shopping for actually GOOD and affordable Bluetooth headphones, buy these."		
5	:	Before I get to the review I wanted to talk about a previous Anker order I made.  I ordered the soundbuds slim awhile back and they didn't work too well as they were having connection issues.  I bought this to the attention of Ankers awesome customer service department and they immediately authorized a return.  I never actually returned the headphones because I was lazy but just wanted to mention that anyone who has an issue with their headphones should contact Anker.  They're great and will take good care of you.  Now on to the review: The Anker soundbuds curve headphones are great!  I had no issues connecting my iPhone to them and was pleasantly surprised at how great they sound.  I bought these mostly for the gym but also for around the house chores when I don't want to disturb my wife or newborn baby while they're napping.  It's also nice not to have to carry my phone around in a pocket.  Which brings me to how far these headphones maintain a connection while I travel in and out of the different rooms in the house.  I can go all around the house and even outside all the while my phone is tucked away in my drawer.  I haven't tested them to see how long the battery lasts or how fast they charge but so far so good.  The best bang for my buck on a wireless headphone without a doubt.  They also stay put in my ears with the included ear buds and earwing which is more than I can say for the iPhone earbuds and most every other headphones I've tried.  Definitely won't regret this purchase.		
5	:	"Like most, needed a pair of headphones for working out, running, etc.  The Anker SoundBuds have very good reviews so I chose them.  Right away I was very happy having moved from wired headphones.  Unfortunately after a short time they stopped charging.  Knowing the great warranty I reached out to Anker customer support.  They responded quickly offering a couple suggestions on things to try.  When none of them worked, they were prompt in sending me a new pair.  The new pair has been working flawlessly.  This is the real world, sometimes a product doesn't work as expected and that's when you need to know the company stands behind their product.  It was the price, function and warranty that had my purchase these and I could not be happier."		
5	:	"If you have upgraded your phone (like myself) to a newer version without a headphone jack, you may be in need of some new headphones. After much searching I have found that you pretty much get what you pay for. I finally found these bluetooth headphones from Anker and have nothing bad to say about them. They will automatically pair to your phone (after initial setup of course) and do not have the background ""buzzing"" that some other brands do. The sound quality is exceptional, no need to worry about that! One aspect of these Anker headphones is that they come with several different ear piece sizes to make sure the headphone is a comfortable fit. Once I found my right size, these blocked out pretty much all background noise - It is safe to say they are noise cancelling. The long Battery life is also something that is very nice. Highly recommend!"		
5	:	"I bought these to listen to music and podcasts while running, and I am very pleased.  They are secure and comfortable on long runs, the earhooks are soft, and fit well even with sunglasses on.  They seem to be well-sealed: so far I haven't had any problems with sweat on hot and humid days or even in light rain.  The sound quality is very good, no issues with Bluetooth connectivity to my iPhone, and the battery lasts a long time.  I would definitely recommend these.UPDATE: I accidentally put these through a wash inside the pocket of my running jacket, and they are absolutely fine!  Love them."		
4	:	"Really like the design of these.  They fit perfect and stay in place, which was big buying point for me.  The sound quality is a 8/10 so great for the money.  I charged one time and have used them multiple times over the past 2 weeks with not issues.The reason I gave them a 4 of 5 is because after a while of being on your ear it is noticeable.  I wouldn't call it a discomfort but I do have to take them out for minute.  Also I have to turn my device up higher than normal.  Again, not a big deal on either of these, but when I think 5 stars, I think perfect.Overall a sound headset and I am glad I bought them."		
3	:	"Like many other reviewers I have had good luck with Anker products but these headphones have one issue that makes these headphones deserve an OK rating. The battery life is terrible. The description claims 12 hours of music listening but I am lucky if I can get 4 hours when these were brand new. Bought these in April and now I am lucky to get 2 hours of listening to music. Sound is great, controls are adequate but the battery life is not terrible."		
5	:	"I'm not an audiophile, but I do appreciate good sound. I was a little worried when ordering these that I'd be getting what I paid for in regards to the sound quality.Now, I'm not saying these have amazing sound, or even that they are the best, but they are pretty darn good for the price that Anker has set. I was not expecting these to sound as good as they do, and I'm still impressed after two days with them.I like the design for the earbuds. Unlike the pods that have come out lately, I don't feel like I will lose these as easily as those. The neck cable helps to hold the buds on your body and lessens the chance of leaving one laying on a table somewhere.The Bluetooth connection seems stable, I haven't had any drops or disconnections with this set. Call quality is fairly decent as well. I was told that I sounded crystal clear and without excessive background noise. It did not take much volume in my voice for the microphone to pick up, though with ear buds in, it's hard to tell how loud you're talking.I can't speak for battery life yet, I've only charged them once and I'm still draining that down. The suggested 7 hours is probably on par with what I can expect, but the quick charging time more than makes up for that.Overall, I'm thoroughly impressed with these earbuds, and I would recommend them to anyone looking for a cheap Bluetooth audio solution."		
4	:	"The only reason I???m giving this product a two star rating is because of the sound quality. They sound on par if not better then standard ear buds thatcome with the iPhone. Fit is comfortable, and secure. The build quality is good with the exception of the control body, which feels flimsy. I???ve use these headphones for about a month and they are great if you only walk around with them. The first time is used them for running and they stopped working. Not for exercisingUpdate - 2/11/18 -Anker Customer Support reached out to me about the defected headphones and quickly resolved my issue.  I have been using my new headphones for running and they are great.  Sound is amazing for the price, they are comfortable and secure on your head.  I wear them all the time and just love them.Thanks for the great customer support"		
5	:	"Of all the under-$30 headphones I've used, this one is the best. Hands down.I used to own the Soundbuds Slim (before I lost them...), and those were also great. But these things last WAY longer (mine haven't died on me yet, and I charged them three days ago) and have a slightly better sound. They also fit very well. Once you get over how big they are, they feel amazing.The neck clip is a godsend, because the wire on these tends to flop around, and the volume controller weighs it unevenly to the right. If you're going running with these or walking a long time, you may want to use the clip to keep yourself from going crazy.A note on the sound. For the price, it's unbeatable. Remember that these are bluetooth earphones for under thirty bucks, so don't expect Sennheiser. That being said, it's still noticeably worse than a good pair of wired earphones at a similar price - the bass is way too much and the treble feels muted. You won't be getting very sharp or crystal clear sounds from these. But if you use your phone's equalizer, you're not a sound connoisseur, and you're willing to sacrifice a little to get a pair of headphones at a ridiculously affordable price, you won't be disappointed.Lastly, the case is awesome. It's a bit tough to put them away at first, but usually I just use three fingers to wrap them up and shove it in. Works sometimes, every time. But besides that, it's a wonderful case, MILES better than the shoddy bag they include with the Soundbuds Slim.Kudos to Anker for putting such a good product out there for this price."		
1	:	Initially impression out of the box of these Anker SoiundBuds were promising.PROS: They were comfortable and foam ear tips felt good in my ears.  The BT pairing was simple.  Battery lasted 11 hours. Sound quality was much better that expected.CONS:  They weight of the control bud pulled the right side of the cord from the shirt clip or the wire clip causing them to bounce on my face while running.Deal breaker- after one week they suddenly dropped BT connection and would not pair to any of my devices.  I reset back to factory default re-pairded to my iPhone. Lost BT connection again after 20 minutes.I would expect Anker would have exchanged them but I'm not even going to give them another try.  I'll look to spend more $$ for either Jaybirds or  Bose for working out.		
5	:	The best pair of headphones I've owned!  With the right silicone covers these headphones sound great!  Great bass and perfect balance!  Again only with the right silicone covers. If they're too small for your ears and don't seal right the bass is lost and it sounds like too much highs.  So be sure to select the right covers for your size ear canals!  They provide a multitude of options so try em all and find the ones that work for you!  And as far as the noise cancellation they're top tier!  I had the more expensive Audio Technica buds with the active sound cancellation. And these are much better. I can barely hear my lawn mower or machine while wearing these. They even work better than the ear plugs we are required to wear at work!  Not to mention they're super comfortable around my ears even with all of my glasses and safety glasses types!		
5	:	"Great pair of wireless headphones.  I've spent over $200 on other bluetooth headphones but I like these better.  They connect almost instantly to my phone or iPad and are easy to use right out of the box.  I find the sound quality to be quite decent: not the richest in tones but very adequate for my needs, which are usually listening to music or streaming videos.  I also find these very comfortable to wear, and this is coming from someone who has difficulty finding earbuds that fit well.  I did have to use the smallest size ear pieces because I have a narrow ear canal but they fit well and I am able to wear them for hours without any problems.  I also have to commend the Anker customer service.  They took the initiative to follow up with me on the product to ensure complete satisfaction!  I don't think you can find a better pair of bluetooth headphones at this price point."		
1	:	"Junk. I am on my second pair of these and this pair ended with the same exact problem as the first. The first pair lasted about 1 month. They would no longer turn on even though they were fully charged. They were only used for running a few times a week indoors on a treadmill. I thought maybe it was a fluke since they seemed to be well made and sounded good, so I decided to just go ahead and buy a second pair considering the low price. After 2 weeks now, this second pair, just like the first, will no longer turn on with what I consider light use. Buyer beware."		
5	:	"I've been using this for several weeks now and its quite comfortable. Easily wearable for a couple hours before feeling any soreness but I have wore it for close to 5 during work and had to take it off as the back of my ears were a little sore. Sound Quality is good and the battery lasts for a good amount of time. The reason why I'm only putting two stars is because the mic is really bad. Everyone complains that they can't hear me or the volume is too low or when they can hear me there's this strange, unbearable buzzing/ringing noise with my voice. At least this is what I'm told as I never tried it out myself. Either my voice is being criticized for unusual and spontaneous behavior or the mic is completely unusable.EDIT: I was contacted swiftly after posting this review in early January to be sent a replacement! I received it and used it for a good month now and can say that I'm quite pleased with the product now.  The replacement came in black and I'm a bit sad its not red like I ordered but the usability is great. Thanks Anker!"		
5	:	"Very comfortable in my ears. Does not fall out, even when resting head on a travel pillow in the airplane. Did a very good job on two flights where I had a baby in a row next to me on each flight. It cut out a lot of background noise and with the headphones on the highest settings, it almost eliminated the baby crying, except at quiet parts between tracks or when the music is very very soft. Very pleased with the purchase. As other reviewers said, only minor complaint would be placement of the controls, but my problem comes being left handed, and the controls are on the right."		
3	:	"I own several Anker products and find them all to be of superior quality so when I saw these I assumed the same for them.  Despite the raving reviews I find them just OK. Maybe they are supposed to sound like this, but I don't find them to be better than just OK.  I do prefer over the ear phones but wanted a small set to travel with. Despite all of the various included ear pads, I cannot get them to fit securely in my ears.  This results in a tinny lower volume sound, absent of practically any bass.  If I press them against my ears they sound pretty good, but upon release, they hang loosely and do not sound good at all.  Perhaps it's my ears, because they just sort of hang there, dangling.  I guess, in this case, you get what you pay for and for $20 they may be a good deal compared to what else is available."		
5	:	"I have had many styles of wireless headphones, and by far these work great.The description of how lightweight and durable is very spot-on.The battery life is great too, I use them a lot when I sleep and daily when I workout and I don't feel the burden of having to keep them charged.With heavy usage you can get a couple of days of use.The buttons are nice and well made, and the headphones come with some handy accessories for earbuds themselves and other items to ensure you get the best fit. Also there is a replacement set of buds which is nice and a clip/tie you can use if you are runner or someone who will move a lot.Honestly, these are the best buds I have ever had...very easy to clean, maintain plus the carrying case is a great size that is good for on-the-go people... DOES GET ANY BETTER than this."		
5	:	"Anker goes the extra mile for quality, and these headphones are no exception. They are lightweight, comfortable, and sound great. I love the ear hook, it???s comfortable to wear for hours, they never fall out or off. They have a pleasant whoosh sound when you turn them on or off, so much better than what some of the Chinese mfgs use when a loud voice screams ???power on??? in your ear. None of that here, just a gently escalating or de-escalating whoosh to signal on or off. Battery life is great. I can easily get through a work day. Nice little carry case with a carribeaner was included. I am delighted by these SoundBuds."		
4	:	"Pretty good sound, better than the Treblabs ones I tried. The highs and mids are pretty clear, bass is ok but not as clear and deep as the Soundbuds Slim.I really like the fit of these and the blue color was darker than the pictures. It's royal blue which looks nice.Since I got the soundbuds slim for almost the same price as this daily deal on these, I'm going to keep the Slims even though these probably are less likely to fall out.Sound quality is pretty important to me since I've been spoiled by my beats in ear wired headphones. Overall you won't be disappointed in these, but unless you need the overear model, you may like the Slims better. Anker makes really good products and has good customer service, so you won't be disappointed with any of these."		
5	:	"It seems the combination of technologies (aptX and CVC) and the design have really made these headphones unbelievable - I use headphones many hours a day, every day.For example, aptX makes music very clear and balanced. The CVC noise cancellation has provided many compliments on voice clarity for conference calls. From the design perspective, the over-ear does eliminate these headphones from every falling out.  Waterproofing is a basic necessity.  The microphone on the lanyard allows for speaking directly into it and eliminating background noise in airports compared to microphone in the ear models. Perhaps because of the lanyard mic, there is also room for an all day battery.  Lastly, I also really like the sound isolation I get from the memory foam ear - I actually am preferring never to take these out - the world is just more peaceful that way.  :-)Again, impressed."		
3	:	"These earphones fit well, offer multiple tips for perfect fit, and don't move due to the comfy over-ear clips. The battery life also is excellent. Sound quality is a mixed bag. Superb for podcasts, but the sound is terrible for music. Absolutely no bass and muddy, mixed treble. Great purchase for people who like to listen to podcasts while exercising. But you can do better at this price point if you want to listen to music while working out."		
5	:	"These last about 12 hours on a single charge and are very comfortable.  They come with a few different sized ear nubs.  I wore the original ones but have now switched to a slightly smaller set.  This was because after maybe 3 hours of continuous use, my ears started to ache just a bit.  No problem with the smaller ear nub.  Again, these extra nubs are included.  The bluetooth paired without incident to my Galaxy S7.  I can leave my phone in my gym bag at the gym and don't have any connection problems while I work out.  It's not a huge gym but I was still impressed.  I can also run around an entire basketball court (there's a little track around it at my gym) and no connection problems.For the price, these were an exceptional value and I'm very happy with them."		
3	:	"The price is right.  They're comfortable.  The sound quality is good.  They are not extremely loud, but loud enough.My biggest issue is that I use these in the gym.I noticed that at certain points the sound dies out / goes in and out / skips.After a few weeks of use I found the problem.  If you are ever doing a workout that partially covers or completely covers the plastic part of the headphones where the increase volume, decrease volume, and power buttons are located, it will start to skip.  Upon further investigation, if you completely cover this part of the device, the connection will die out completely.I am going to have to assume that this is where the bluetooth is located?  And it is possibly interrupting the connection?Not sure if this happens for everyone or my device was faulty."		
1	:	"Second Pair Purchased Before Current Issues Started-----After having good luck with a personal pair of the same headphones, I ordered the same for my boyfriend. This was the start of a number of product failures in which my pair stopped working (replaced under warranty, but those also were faulty) and the pair I ordered for my boyfriend stopped working as well. I'll have to see if his can get replaced also but after my replacement experience I'm not sure either of us will have working headphones any time soon.Disappointing because we've had good luck with other Anker products.-----------------------------------Update: 8/11/18Was sent a replacement pair due to the first pair failing within the 18 month warranty period. This new pair stopped working within 2 weeks. I'm concerned Anker has switched suppliers or has a bad batch of components they are using. It sounds like I'll be able to get another replacement but this time will have to send back the faulty headphones. Removing one star for the hassle and consistent product failure.-----------------------------------Good to start. Decent sound quality for the price. Good battery life. Easy/quick pairing with an iPhone. Lots of ear bud options included for a good fit.However, after about 8 or 9 months, they have developed an issue where they occasionally don't turn on. It's not a case of the battery being dead as in many instances I am unplugging them right before I go to use them. Kind of a bummer. Might have to look into the warranty and see what options I have."		
3	:	"I had these for a couple months and they suddenly stopped working. I went through the whole troubleshooting process with Anker but nothing worked. They sent me a new pair, fairly painless. The new pair they sent me had connectivity issues and broke again this morning after maybe a month and a half of use. They have good customer service, but I don't buy products based on that. Good sound quality. Maybe 2-4 months of durability. I'd recommend buying something better and avoid paying twice.Update: Anker reached out to me and is giving me a full refund for the headphones. Their customer service is unriveled and should be a model for other companies to follow. While I won't use Anker headphones again, I still use other Anker products that have been reliable and would recommend them to others."		
2	:	"The number 1 thing I was looking for was battery life.  To be hones, I wasn't even looking for the promised 12.5 hours, but 6 or 7 would do.  I have had it for a little over a month, and the best I have done is about 90 minutes.  It was especially disappointing when I was running a race a couple of weeks ago and these headphones quit after about one hour and 20 minutes.  Same thing at the gym today.I am not sure if I got a bad batch or what, but these have not come even close to what is advertised.If there is a bright spot, the sound quality is reasonable given the price and they are fairly stable when running.I was especially disappointed as I had previously purchased and Anker Bluetooth speaker and the battery life and sound quality are both excellent.Additional - So I have been working with the Anker Customer Service people since my first complaint.  They have been great.  They were understanding of my issues quickly got me a replacement.  Since then I have had the issue on a couple of more pairs of the Curve.  I am not sure what has caused it, but outside of the initial charge I can't get the charge to hold longer than 35 or 40 minutes.  My last one did not hold a second charge.So I would definitely give 5 stars to the Anker Customer Service team.  I really wish it would have worked with these headphones.  The sound was great and the stability was superb compared other Bluetooth headphones I have tried.  Factor in the price and I really thought these would special.Anker ultimately gave me a refund.  So if you are willing to try these, I guess there isn't a lot of risk and you may have better luck than I did."		
5	:	"As someone that enjoys music while I am running and  working out, having a great sounding, and reliable pair of headphones is crucial.  I am an owner of a pair of Powerbeats 3 and have been using it for 2-3 months.  They look and sound great but my gripe with them is that they would malfunction during my workouts due to excessive sweating.  The volume would go down or up uncontrollably, or I would just have issues turning them off.  I was finally able to mod it, and made it work, but sound quality was sacrificed.  I looked around and read up on other high end wireless ear buds, and they all seem to hve the same issues with excessive sweating.  Then I was recommended these Anker ones.  And with its extremely affordable pricing, it was worth a shot.So i have been using these Ankers daily during my workouts and I have yet to have any issues with sweating.  They are lighter than my beats3, so they stay around my ear longer and more comfortably without adjusting it.  The battery life is decent and it???s range is rather far (full length of a typical basketball court).  I am not an expert but the sound quality is on par with that if the Powerbeats3.  Overall... what is important for me is being able to listen to music while i am running and working out, without having to catch the buds from falling out of my ear, AND for it to work properly when I hit beastmode and sweat excessively.  These, so far, have hit all three spots."		
3	:	"I really liked the headphones at first. Great audio quality, connected easily, but after four days, they stopped connecting to Bluetooth. They would cut in and out really often, sometimes for a while. This got really annoying when listening to anything, and they just weren't worth the $20 I spent on them. Really disappointed. I really wanted them to work and be good. They weren't. Unfortunately, I had to send them back. Maybe another brand with work better for longer, and still be cheap, but it is the risk you take with unknown, cheap brands.Edit: 2/27/2018Anker's customer service has been really great working with me on this! Honestly, some of the best customer service I've had and light-years ahead of Amazon's! I'm giving and extra star for the service and will edit the review again once I get replacements from Anker."		
4	:	These are my very first bluetooth earbuds. For the price I figured I'd give them a try after seeing some good reviews.They come with several differently sized buds which is great. I have smaller ears and the smallest buds fit perfectly.The sound quality is amazing. I've worn them during my work commute and also to the gym. I'm getting a 2nd set to have one in my work bag and the other in my gym bag.I haven't fully tested the battery life yet but so far not seeing any issues.The cord is probably the only negative. It's a little flimsy. But for the cost these were well worth it.		
2	:	"I wanted a pair of decent sports headphones and loved the idea of the advertised battery time of 14 hours before requiring a recharge. I tested them out several times because with two other pairs, I experienced interruptions. The sound would randomly be interrupted or stop altogether for several seconds. Not idea when running in noisy environments, which is an unfortunate characteristic of most gyms. Also, the battery is longer than the other pairs of bluetooth headphones I've owned, but not the advertised 14 hours, maybe 8, if I am being generous. Returning pair because continuous sound quality is a requisite of any pair of bluetooth sports headphones."		
1	:	"My first pair worked great for about the initial two or three weeks, but then started having trouble with battery life. I couldn't make it through a single 45-60 min workout session without the headphones just turning off. I'll save you most of the details, but know that I always turned off the headphones after use, never used for phone calls, took care to keep them from being damaged (always kept in their hardshell case), and made sure I gave it sufficient time to charge. When I contacted Anker for a replacement about 2 months after initial receipt, the experience was pretty swift and hassle free. Granted, I did a reasonable amount of troubleshooting first and noted as much. The new pair (received end of July) are working exactly as advertised...that is, until last Thursday Dec 6. Slightly longer life than the first pair, but still unreasonably short given how careful I am with them.I got a bit a worried when I was taking off the headphones after my workout and the power button didn't turn off the headphones. Thinking maybe plugging in for a charge would help, though it was a long shot. At my usual Tues workout, I tried turning on the headphones. No response whatsoever from the control unit. I am done with these soundbuds and likely any other Anker products in the near future. Do yourself a favor and look at other brands!I also have one of their BT speakers (model A3143) and it randomly mutes itself after one music track ends and another starts. I have to hit vol up to get it to restore. Doesn't make any sense.Despite 1 star overall rating, here's why I rated material, sound, and battery with 3 stars (when these worked correctly):Sound quality is great with these! Music is crisp and bass is punchy.Comfortable fit in my ear and provides great noise cancelling to drown out the horrible selection of music my gym plays!I don't run a lot, but these maintain a firm hold when I do. Construction feels solid.I now use these with an Apple watch on opposite arm from the headphone control unit. Never encounter any music skips or Bluetooth unpairing."		
3	:	"These lasted almost 6 months before one of speakers came off completely and the wires broke from it. I attempted to fix it but wasn't able to so now only one side works.  I used them mostly while I was in the gym and also during my jogs and they held in place fine.I've bought many different products from Anker (usb portable chargers, usb cables, usb car chargers) and this is my first negative experience with any of their products. I'm tempted to buy them again because I did like them while they lasted but I might shop around for a cheaper alternative if 6 months is all I will end up getting out of bluetooth earbuds."		
5	:	"These were my favorite pair of headphones, like ever. You could seriously wear these babies anywhere and they were highly customizable, (with the ear bud gummy things. I lost one of the earbud gummy things once but I was able to easily replace it with the extras Anker provided in the product box. It's seriously so great and very convenient. Audio quality is great. Sometimes they looked a little awkward on me but I still loved them.They randomly met their demise when I got out of bed one morning, they slipped out of my hands and hit the floor. When I picked 'em up, the wiring on the right earbud was absolutely f**ked. I was so sad. It's been two months since they left me. I miss them dearly."		
5	:	Best customer service on Amazon! They helped me out with the defective pair I had and now these new ones work perfect. They sound great and the battery life is out of this world for the price. Strongly recommended these to all my friends.		
5	:	"Sounded great but this is the second pair of Anker blue tooth headphones that sweating in the gym caused them to break....only had this pair a little over 2 months. Battery not taking a charge and Heard a crackling noise as they broke.Update: Anker reads customer comments and quickly sent me a new pair at no charge. The customer service is outstanding and I am very happy to have these back! Thank you Anker!Update : After a week or so they broke again. I was using on treadmill this morning and heard the power down tone...this was after a all night charge....just to make sure I recharged for 12 hours and they will not turn on. I Love Anker products, the quality of soundis excellent but they are not durable for the gym, sweat, or whatever seems to be happening. Very disappointed"		
5	:	I was about to buy the beats 3 for their wrap around design. Buds just don't stay in my ears and I was having a hard time finding reviews of good wrap around. Then I saw these from Anker for 22$. No brainier. I already own two of their battery banks and their water proof speakers. These guys seem to be heavey in the base end which is fine for me. They get louder than I can comfortably listen. The Bluetooth functionality is has a great distance on it. I have walked to the other side of my gym and they still work. The on wire controller works as well as you can expect and the buttons have a nice tactile click. I sweat a lot during my workouts and so far after a few weeks in. No water damage Everything I have ever bought from Anker has exceded my expectations. The only thing I wish it had that  it doesn't have is usb-c. 10/10 would buy again.		
5	:	I almost reviewed before powering on for the 1st time!#1. The accesories. Comes with earbuds installed + 4 baggies with difderent types of spare accesories!#2. Comes with a zippered hard case for storage. Anyone that has had earphones lile these before knows they tend to get lost in the most randome of places. The little case is easier to keep track of. The built quality feels solid.  Lets. Sound is good. Comparable to my beats.  If these things hold up over time and battery lasts even close to what they claim. I will be buying more of these for xmas gifts!		
4	:	"I have had the Anker Soundbuds Curve since September.  When looking for a good set of Bluetooth headphones for running, working out, and working around the house/outside JayBirds were at the top of every list; however the price was a bit overwhelming for something I could potentially break or lose.  Anker always makes good products and so I began to look at the Soundbuds Curve once they came out.  I would not call myself an audiophile but I do appreciate good quality sounding speakers and headphones.  I used Bose QC25, Bose IE, Sony MDRXB50AP in ear headphone (my previous workout headphones) to compare sound quality.  Here are my overall impressions.Packaging:  As usual for Anker products this item was packaged well and looked professional. I have a few Anker products and if you have not bought an Anker product you are in for a treat.  IMHO the packaging of a product speaks volumes about a company.Accessories:  These headphones come with a nice carrying case that zips closed and has an internal pouch for the supplied charging cable. Also included are six sizes of rubber noise isolating ear tips, one set of foam ear tips, in ear ???wings???, cord management clip, shirt clip and a micro USB charging cable.Fit/Comfort:  After trying several of the ear wings and ear tips I settled on the default set and they fit wonderfully. The over ear hooks really help with stability and are comfortable as well.  I have not had them move or fall out while working out, running or working around the house.  They are lightweight and comfortable which makes them easy to wear for long periods of time.  The one complaint I have in this area is the cable management.  The cable clip allows the cable to be wrapped tight around the head but leaves a lot of slack that flops around while running.  The cable can also fall more to the right side due to the weight of the control module.  I found that using the shirt clip will stop this from happen and without it the cable placement becomes an aggravation.  I would have liked to see something more secure like the JayBirds.Controls:  Controlling the headphones is simple and straightforward with three buttons on the control module, Play/pause volume up and volume down. Combinations of these buttons skip track, and power on/off the headphones, answer calls, etc.  Overall, the controls are easy to use.  The one area lacking here is hands free voice integration with my Android phone.  I would like to be able to use it to execute Google voice commands without pressing the play button.Battery Life:  The battery life on these is excellent and they arrived precharged out of the box. I do not listen to them at a really high volume so I am sure this help.  As for the exact time they last, I have not timed them to see but they last me at least a week on a charge with regular use of an hour here and there.  Charging is quick as well which makes them ready to use quickly after discharging.Bluetooth Connection: Pairing these to a device is easy and effortless.  I have connected these to my phone and laptop and the connection is solid on both when at close range <10 feet.  I can go farther and be behind more walls with the cell phone ~30 Feet and three walls.  On my laptop the connection drops easily when obstructed by a wall.  Overall I am pleased with the connection stability of these; however, I can tell my laptops Bluetooth chip is not as strong as my phones (laptops fault not the headphones).Call Quality:  When making and receiving calls I can hear the other person well and they have no problems clearly hearing me.  I was not expecting much with the mic on these as I bought them for music but they have pleasantly surprised me with this.Music quality:  With these headphones being significantly cheaper than the Jaybirds and Bose I was not expecting much. As soon as they arrived I popped them in for a listen and I was impressed from the start.  I run all my speakers and headphones through a series of music tests using a wide range of music genres, Country, Rap, R&B, Opera, Classical, Heavy Metal, Show Tunes, etc.  A few tracks I use to tell me the clarity of my headphones are Long After You're Gone on YouTube, Daft Punk???s Get Lucky, Steely Dan???s Jack of Speed, and The Weekend???s The Hills, Pentatonix???s Daft Punk, and Zac Brown Band???s Colder Weather.  I try to get as much diversity as I can.  After my review, the bass is powerful and full but not distorted.  Highs are clear and crisp and the mids are full. These headphones produce a wide range of frequencies and I have no problem picking out the different vocalists from Pentatonix. In Zac Brown Band???s Colder Weather the harmonies/piano are all clear and easily distinguishable. They also handle Pink Floyd's Money very well and each instrument is distinct and clearly discernable in different ears.  So, how do they compare to my others, quite well a"		
5	:	"So far I am loving these! I was going to get a pair of beats 3 because my daughter got them for free while getting a new macbook. After listening to those I realized that I am missing out on quality earbuds .But they are $200..very expensive! So I decided to take a chance on these since the ratings are so great and I have owned may external batteries by anker and I know their products are quality. Also, Anker has excellent customer service. So far...LOVING these. The sound is great and it easily connected to my phone. The true test will be after a run with these, but so far soo sooo good!"		
5	:	"I first received these last year as a gift. I loves everything about them from the case, battery life, included extras, price and sound. After only a few months with limited use and wear ( I wore them only on my morning workout ) they stopped functioning. Very bummed out.So I left a review. One star, dissapointed.That same week I was contacted by Anker customer service. They inquired about the issue and immediately offered to ship a free replacement. In no time at all I had a new pair and I'm back baby, YEAH.Things happen like this so I understand, but the true mark of a great company is how they treat their customers. And Anker knocked it out of the park. Not only did they find me and solve the issue, it was effortless and the Anker rep who helpede.couldnt of been nicer.So, for that, I have changed this review to reflect my -entire- purchase. New buds are going strong ( it's been about a month) and I'm completely happy with my purchase and recommended Anker products completely."		
5	:	These may not be the best or the most expensive but they work well for me.  The 12.5 hour battery life is what made me decide to give them a try and I am not disappointed.  I fully charged them when they arrived (a few weeks ago) and I have used them sparingly and have not had to charge them yet.  I've cut grass and worked around the house with them without any issues.  I also like to shop while listening to music and filter out all the hustle and bustle noise of those around me.  I have other Anker products and have not been disappointed so that was another reason I decided to try them.  Highs are crisp and clear and bass is present but not overpowering.  If you are looking for a decent set of wireless/bluetooth earphones consider checking these out.  Like any product that is out there it is not for everyone but they work very well for me.		
4	:	"This is my first purchase of an Anker product and my first purchase and use of bluetooth headphones. I was really excited to use them for the gym. When I received the SoundBuds they worked perfectly, and I really enjoyed using them. They helped me just ignore everything around me due to the noise cancellation. They sounded great as well! But after 2 days the light turned red when I was using them and it turned off. I tried multiple times to turn it back on, and the lights would not even show. I was disappointed because I thought they were great and wanted to continue using them. I did some research online and found that other people had similar issues and had some luck by plugging them in other USB Ports and holding the power button multiple times, but it didn't work for me. I tried everything I could think of and they still would not turn on. I charged it the night before and on my Iphone the battery symbol for the SoundBuds was full before it shut off for good... I had high hopes for this product, but after 2 days of use... it won't turn on. I really do like the product, and I currently have a ticket open with Anker Support. I will update my review if it is a pleasant experience. Thank you for reading my review!Update 1: I submitted my ticket to Anker Support on Sunday the 29th of October, and received an email with my ticket number at 12:00 AM.Update 2: At 9:37 PM on 10/31/17, I received communications that I had received a faulty pair and will be sending me another pair to retry along with a prepaid shipping label to return the faulty pair.Update 3: I had to return my pair before they sent my my replacement pair. I sent it in on November 4th, I waited till November 6 and did not receive any communication from Anker Support so I emailed them and they said they would send my replacement pair.Update 4: November 9 I received my replacement pair,  it took about 11 days for me to get another pair due to the one that I initially received being faulty. It is disappointing that I have to wait so long because I bought the earphones and had them shipped in 2 days because I was excited to use them. I am updating my rating because although there was a delay, atleast support was helpful through it."		
5	:	"I must have tried 5-6 Bluetooth headsets that were simply awful. I do a lot of akype meetings and either clients couldn't hear me or I couldn't hear them. I started to realize that there must be one cheap manufacturer that puts different logos on the same headset. I didn't want bulky headphones and I needed something that went over my ear because the small buds fall out.These headphones are perfect!!!! Great sound on both ends, easy to turn on, syncs right away to all devices. I am so happy I'm considering getting a second pair just to have in case!!!!"		
5	:	"The greatest Bluetooth Headphones in the history of Bluetooth. After my last sub $30 bluetooth headphone purchase (where the sound cuts out every 5 seconds), I was not hopeful this would be better. But after all the great reviews, I decided that enough years had passed since my last bluetooth headphone purchase that maybe the standard had improved enough to be usable without spending $150 on a pair of headphones.This product exceeds all reasonable expectations for what a sub $30 pair of BT headphones can do. I'm ranting and raving to everyone that will listen about how amazing these headphones are."		
5	:	"Stellar headphones for the price. They aren't as loud as other earbuds I've had, but the sound quality is very solid. They're not for bass heads; however, they produce even sound. I haven't pushed the battery to its limit, so I can't speak on that. Nevertheless, I'd recommend these to anyone looking for bluetooth earbuds below the $40 to $50 range. Phone call quality has been good on my end, and I was told that I sounded better and more clear than my previous Sony earbuds that were wired. They're a great bargain!"		
3	:	"Sound quality- For the most part sound is alright but i would like a greater max volume for certain podcasts I listen to.Material- If you don't want to lose your earbuds you will most likely have to super glue them on. The rest of the material is very comfortable to wear. These earphones will not break apart from casual usage like other earphones.battery life- is completely accurate throughout the lifetime of the earphones for everyone I've had.ive had 1 crushed (due to my job), 1 gifted, and 1 data corrupted and wont sync anymore."		
4	:	"These headphones do need a little break-in time, as when I first used them they sounded pretty bad. Now I'd rate the sound quality as simply OK. For the gym that's adequate. I'm really glad they come with a variety of ear-plugs as the default ones didn't work at all; I ended up needing the smallest ones, and now they fit perfectly and stay in place. Battery life is very good; so far I've used them for about 4 hours total and still around 80%. I've purchased Anker cables and power packs and have been happy with them, so I was glad to discover they made these soundbuds. Would love to see a higher-end over-ear set of headphones from them!"		
5	:	"Over the last couple of years I've purchased several Anker Products (Cables and chargers.) with great results but I was pretty leery concerning thier Earbuds because I have very small ear canals of different sizes.. That means that I'd usually end up with one bud staying in place but hurting my ear, while the other one would fall out! Then, I looked at the Anker ""Curves"" and decided to give them a shot. Once they arrived, I was immediately impressed with the sound but they really didn't fit very well until I realized I realized that The ear hooks are adjustable! After bending and twisting the the ear hooks for a couple of days, I now have a good sounding set of buds that fit well and don't cause me pain no matter how long I wear them! In fact, I was so impressed with them That I bought everyone on my Christmas List Anker ""Surges"". Everyone loves them and seldom see my Gf without hers. All of these earbuds sound great, the batteries work for hours and the prices are very reasonable. You'll love em!!"		
5	:	"First time giving Anker a try on headphones and I was not disappointed.  These are high quality headphones, I was afraid that they would be uncomfortable because I wear eyeglasses.  These are not uncomfortable at all, I especially like the clip in the back because it keeps them sturdy around my head.  The base is superb, not too heavy like the Beats and the different ear buds are easy to replace.  These headphones were easy to sync to all my Bluetooth devices.  I truly loved them that I bought two!"		
3	:	"I purchased this pair in August and started using them for running. I didn't need new earphones but it's Anker and I love this brand. I paired these earphones with my Garmin 645 music and I never had any problem pairing my watch with other (cheaper) brands, so I thought this one would have no problem too. During my first two 45-min runs, the earphones worked poorly. They would disconnect every 2-3 minutes. And when it is connected, the volume buttons seem to press themselves so that the volume goes up and down by itself and songs are skipped before they are finished. In my third run, the earphones won't start at all. And I only had them for less than two weeks at that time.I contacted Anker and was really pleased by their customer service. They immediately sent me a new pair and they did not require me to send back the old ones. I assumed I got a defective first pair. These things happen, no big deal. The new pair worked like a charm...until today.I have been using the new pair for 3 months now. I use them 3-4 times a week, about 60 minutes every time. I like the sound quality and the battery life is great. I use them for running and only for that. I understand that I probably sweat a lot during a run and that might have affected the earphones. But this has never been an issue with other brands. Other brands of equal price or less that I tried can last for over a year, and even after that I usually only experience a decrease in sound quality and battery life. These Anker earphones, on the other hand, just completely gave up on me. They won't power on at all. So I don???t know if I got another defective one or they really are just not very durable.I???m not too upset because I got a good 3 months-ish with these earphones. I gave these earphones 3 stars: two for the earphones themselves + one for excellent customer service. Would I buy them again? Probably not."		
5	:	"I purchased my first set of Anker headphones back in May of this year. After 3 months, the headphones stopped working. You may wonder how that qualifies for a 5 star rating. Well, after purchasing other types of headsets, none compared to the Anker ones. My use of them is mainly for the gym where I???m running or lifting weights. And having a good pair of reliable, light, and well sized headsets when you???re doing heavy workouts is necessary! But I didn???t want to shell out another $25. So I looked into the Anker website, read through their warranty, and emailed their customer service department. I kid you not-in about 48 hours they responded back requesting information regarding the headset and about 2 weeks later, I was provided with a replacement! No charge! Now I can go back to enjoying my runs and lifting without having to readjust my headset so many times! They hold a long charge, they???re compatible, and they???re easy to wear! And their customer service is awesome!"		
3	:	"These are pretty bulky, but it's nice having earphones that don't plug into the phone so I don't have a cord dangling and getting caught on things. I hate the earpiece design though; it constantly gets caught in my hair and it would have been a much better design to just make them earbuds without the big plastic chunk that goes behind the ear. The sound is good for me, but when I talk on the phone, people tell me they hear an echo - it's happened enough times that I'm pretty sure the problem is the earbuds."		
5	:	"I'm not one to typically write reviews, but after listening to these headphones I have to sing some praise.  After deciding that I wanted to jump into the wireless headphone realm I did some Amazon research and initially settled on the highest rated (over 18,000 reviews) headphones made by Senso.  Those headphones had loads of praise, an even toted 'audiophile quality' by some of the reviewers.  I'm a bit of a stickler when in comes to headphones.  I knew they weren't going to sound like any of my headphones from Sennheiser, but they also weren't even comparable in price.  Well, the Senso headphones are decent, and have plenty of features for 30 bucks, but if you care at all about treble, they aren't for you.  They are super bass heavy and the upper end is non-existent.  That is why I'm so pleased with these Anker headphones!  I've only tested them for about an hour now, both with music and audiobooks, but they are in a completely different league than the other headphones mentioned.  They are only five dollars more, but well worth the money!  I'm not saying they are the best headphones out there, or that they compare with headphones costing 2-4 times the cost, but for the money I'm completely happy.  Well done Anker!  Another happy customer."		
5	:	"I just bought some Anker portable chargers last weekend and those are excellent fast charging chargers. For the price, I thought I'd give these headphones a shot. Wow! One minor drawback (not enough to drop a star), is the bass. They have decent bass but not bass-y enough. I'd give it an 8/10 in this department. Comfort and clarity is 10/10. I can't wait to use these on a sweaty run to see how they perform. Most likely I'll end up buying another pair. I can't say enough about these awesome headphones."		
5	:	"I'm no audiophile, but I think these sound great. They are a bit bass heavy, but I kinda like it. Battery life lasts for probably 10 hours or so. I don't use these to call/receive calls.Customer service is amazing. About 10 months after buying these, one of the eartips (including the part that actually produces sound) completely popped off. The internal metal wire connecting the eartip speaker to the the earpiece completely broke. I filed a warranty request and Anker approved it and sent me a brand new replacement within a couple days, for free."		
5	:	"I purchased these headphones about 10 months ago.  They have been amazing.  I can hear them well while exercising, the battery life is outstanding (I use them multiple times a week but only charge them about every other week), and the price is beyond belief.  I've never had any trouble with them and have really come to rely on them.But, I recently went to charge them and something had gone wrong; they wouldn't charge or turn back on.  I contacted Anker support and they responded the same day.  They asked me some quick ""have you tried this"" kind of questions and then rushed out a replacement pair under their generous 18-month warranty.  I think the entire process from failure to replacements in my hand took less than FOUR days.  Absolutely outstanding service.  And then, a few days later they emailed me to make sure that I had actually received the replacement and that they were working for me.  These were all personal (non-form-letter) emails.  I was blown away by the attention.I will definitely be ordering other products from Anker in the future."		
5	:	"Of all the earbuds I've tried, these are by far my favorite. They do in fact have the advertised battery life. I listen to music through my ten hour work shifts. They also have excellent sound canceling. I work in a loud environment, and the audio quality is still great. They are also the most comfortable earbuds so far.About a month in, I experienced a defect, and the seller replaced them for me, free of charge, after I provided serial and order numbers, so make sure you keep those just in case. These earbuds are absolutely worth replacing if you have any issues. The Anker customer support is friendly and professional."		
5	:	"These are the best headphones I've had in a long time-possibly ever. They are so comfortable I forget I'm wearing them, and the sound quality is fantastic. I love the assortment of earbuds they come with to ensure you have a fit that is comfortable, regardless of ear size. The battery life is pretty good(12.5 hrs) and takes very little time to fully charge. I occasionally have some gaps in my connection, causing a very brief skip when I'm listening to music, but this might be due to my phone. Overall, they are fantastic headphones."		
5	:	"These are without a doubt, very great wireless earbuds to have when you want to jam to music and workout at the same time! When you get the whole product, it comes with:- The headphones.- Many different ear cushions that come in 3 different sizes.- A micro USB cable for recharging.- A pouch where you can store the extra ear cushions you can one day use when you lose your default ones.= Free 18-month warranty if your headphones break!I was able to have fun with these headphones for like a good 4 months until one day one of the heads came off, making it pretty worthless to use at the point. But with the help of contacting customer service and asking about the warranty, I was able to get a replacement pair completely free, and continue rocking out!"		
1	:	"This product was advertised as on sale when I purchased it. I was pleasantly surprised when I received the product. I was impressed with the care that seemed to go into the packaging and I like the leathery case with the handy clip.. The ear pieces appeared to be made out of a soft durable material. I charged and used it for a few minutes to see it worked. The sound quality was not great but ok for the discounted price that I paid for it. The second time that I used it was a month later. The product worked for about an hour then went completely dead. I tried charging it again, but the product did not respond. I don't know if this was just a fluke defective product or if this is pervasive with the product line. I thought about reaching out to the company that made the product. However, I was busy and allowed too much time to elapse to make a claim.. However, if the company would like to reach out to me. I would like to hear from them.  I can only base my review on my own experience and unfortunately, the product became completely useless the second time I used it."		
5	:	"Got these for my wife as a backup to 6 month old Powerbeats 3 that were losing the pairing when she was running.I kept having to reset the Powerbeats and it's not always successful.Some days it works and others it doesn't, but it had become a daily occurrence.As far as sound quality, these are $100 less than the Powerbeats and she doesn't notice a difference.They both have similar styles with the ear bands.The quick charge is a handy feature.Highly Recommend."		
5	:	"Headphones that actually stay in and are comfortable!  My biggest gripe with in-ear headphones is that they never stay in.  These have a comfortable rubber hook that hugs the ear, allowing the earbuds to stay in without any hassle.  The sound quality is exceptional, like every other Anker product.The actual battery life seems to be at least a few hours so adequate for a gym trip or two, I'd say charge between uses.  Definitely wouldn't recommend a battery powered headphone for extended use like a long trip.These have decent-good noise cancellation.  What's more is at full volume, you won't bother people around you because the sound stays in the headphones.I have never been disappointed by a single Anker product.  No exception here."		
5	:	"I did a lot of reviews. What eventually won me over on these was the 12.5 hour battery life and the price tag. I wish the ear hooks were removable as this was intended to replace a pair that I commute with (as opposed to the ones I use in the gym). The fit is pretty comfortable and it comes with a HUGE selection of tips and ear wigs, but like any in-ear after an hour or two, if you've chosen the max size for passive noise canceling, you feel a little discomfort.  They also come with a pretty cool carrying case.Bottom Line, Great battery life, decently loud, bass forward sound, and better than expected for calls."		
4	:	"These are a great deal. I spend most of my day listening to various media on my phone--whether commuting to work, at the office, or back at home. It's nice to own a pair of wireless earbuds that really do hold an impressive amount of battery power. I'd say a safe estimate of listening time is 10 hours, which I wouldn't think would be a problem for most. Luckily, if you require more battery juice, you can plug them in for about 30 minutes and get an hour or two of added power. The audio quality is also fairly impressive, with a noticeable amount of bass in the buds.The only criticisms I would offer:The earbud volume is *slightly* lacking.The media controller isn't quite as responsive as I'd like.However, at this price point, I'd say those criticisms are fairly negligible as you can't really find any other comparable earbuds that pack such a long battery life."		
5	:	"I remember spending over $100 on bluetooth headphones a few years ago that don't even hold a candle to these things. I love that they're waterproof, they block out a lot of sound, they fit comfortably in your ear, and they hold a good charge. Literally cannot complain about anything regarding these headphones. Anker has served me well the last couple years across their products. You're not getting Sennheiserr-level sound quality out of these but it's still very decent and capable. I use them for the gym and the other day when I was outside snow blowing. Highly recommend if you're in the market for over the ear buds that stay on your ear comfortably!"		
3	:	"Sounds quality is great.  I got them for work to replace an old pair of broken headphones. Getting it working on PC required some work, but found a 3rd party solution (BTW_12.0.1.940_win8_10_x64).The thing that keeps it from getting 5 stars is the range is very poor. I am about 3 feet from my computer and it get occasional pops when signal is dropped.  however if i move to 5-6 feet, i loose 30-50% of the audio.  10 ft, and the are completely un-usable"		
1	:	"Ok, I am extremely impressed with the lowest bass reproduction. The sound is very good overall, unbeatable for the price. The headphones are comfortable and the the battery is great.Unfortunately all of this is killed by the absolutely subpar microphone experience. I am not sure if it???s only my unit but there is a high pitched sound the entire time a voice is recorded or during a phone call. It makes the voice pretty much inaudible. I am extremely disappointed as this would be otherwise a brilliant product. Anyone has the same experience or do I just have a faulty unit"		
3	:	"I like the fact that it goes around your ear which helps them not fall off. The issues I have with it.... I don???t find the sound to be good at all. It sounds like it???s coming from far away and it???s not loud enough. Also the sizes for the earbuds are too large for my small ear canals. It???s hard to find ones that are extra small. I was hoping these would work for me. Unfortunately based on the sound I would not recommend them.update: after reviewing this, the seller emailed me and offered a refund. i am impressed that they got in touch with me without me even contacting them. i received a full refund."		
4	:	"These are some solid headphones. I wear these to the gym and they provide a secure fit during everything from bench pressing to jump roping. I sweat a lot and have not had issues with the electronic components thus far. As for sound, these are solid for the hi's and mid's, but only mediocre in the bass department, but this has been my gripe with nearly every in-ear headphone so it shouldn't deter you.My only complaint is connectivity - the headphones reconnect to the last device when powered on, and must be disconnected from it to connect to another. I understand that for most people this is desirable, as they may only use a single device with them, but I switch between my phone, watch and laptop all the time. Having to disconnect each device is a pain.These headphones could be priced $20 more and still be an excellent value in my opinion. Anker makes great cable solutions and evidently great headphones too. I would easily purchase another pair. Once they figure out how to allow for multiple connections, these will be a 5-star device - even if the added features ups the price."		
5	:	"Very good headphones, signal wasnt so good but i only tested them with one cell phone so i cant say if it was the headphone or the cell phone's BT (sometimes it stutter when i had the cell phone on my pants and walking fast). Sadly my dog ate the headphones before i could test them with other phones.With the phone on line of sight it supported well beyond the 30ft, same as using them with a notebook's BT.Only negative (for me) aspect is that the headphones volume and the phone volume are independent (i had to put the phone on the highest setting to be able to fully control the volume from the headphones)p.s: not all charging cables work well, i had problems getting it to charge with bulkier micro usb cables due to not making a proper fit,"		
5	:	The earhooks and insane battery life make these a winner. They pair extremely fast after being turned on. Might take a couple minutes to find the right size and configuration for your ears. They make a great seal in my ears for bass. Hard to hear anything else though. Bluetooth range is excellent among Apple devices. Microphone is standard Bluetooth quality (not great). Very durable. I run at least 5 miles a week with them. Still going strong. Using the included clips keep the headphones in place just fine. Will definitely stick with Anker.		
5	:	"I've had these for two and a half months, and I just can't find a single negative with them. I use them every day outside in the elements for at least 2-3 hours. The sound quality is great, and they're a comfortable fit. If I HAD to come up with something it's that the control panel with the buttons is a little heavy and pulls down more than I'd like. But with all the money I've thrown away on trying to find a reliable pair of Bluetooth earbuds, I'm more than willing to put up with it. Buy these. You won't regret it."		
5	:	"I brought this product but when it arrived I found out that there???s a problem with the microphone (whenever I???d use it there???ll be an annoying buzzing sound that the other part of the conversation would hear the buzzing sound over my voice) therefore I contacted Anker???s support team. They gave me some methods in order to try and fix the headphones but it didn???t work. They tried to ship me another package but they had some issues. So they came up with the solution which is for me to buy another set and they???ll refund me it???s price. That???s what happened, I received the refund and the new headphones (which appeared to be working perfectly fine) and everything went nice and smooth. I love this company and their products!"		
4	:	I have had these for about a month now. I'm going to compare them to the power beats 3 because I had those for a while but ended up trading them to a friend. I briefly used the Bose Soundsport but they weren't comfortable for me so I didn't use for long enough to make a fair observation.Build quality is decent enough. They are plastic but so are the power beats. The ear hooks are very flexible which I prefer to the power beats more rigid hooks. The actual head phone part are pretty comparable between the two in build quality. The Anker's also have a cover over the charging port which the power beats lack and which some reviews I have read seem to believe affects the durability of the power beats. The ear remote on the Anker is a bit heavier than power beats. The buttons on the Anker are stiffer and small as well. I wasn't crazy about the remotes on either Anker or power beats. I prefer the wire of the Anker over the power beats. The Anker wire is way more flexible and thinner than the power beats. The material seems to move better on clothes compared to the power beats. The power beats wire is thin but more rigid and the material in my experience had some friction on clothes. It's colder where I live so I run with a fleece hoody just to give an example of material I made my observations with.Sound quality is a pretty subjective thing but this is what I felt between Anker and power beats. I like the sound on the Anker more. The bass is a bit more pronounced on the Ankers but not in an overdone way. I haven't cranked the volume as these are in ears and that's not a good idea but having listened a higher volume settings I haven't experienced distortion from the bass. The mids and treble are okay if not a bit emphasized. It's not enough to drop the score but it's there. So the Ankers are a have a more noticeably bass and a slight emphasis on the mid/high end.I can't comment much on the bluetooth range because I used both Anker and power beats in close proximity to my phone. Neither had issues staying connected to my phone (iPhone 8). The beats obviously work better out of the box since they have the W1 chip along with the close contact (NFC) pairing.Battery life I would say is comparable between the two. The Anker carrying case is better than the beats by virtue of just being an actual secure case but I didn't use either case much to make a definitive conclusion. The Ankers come with more tips than the beats. They even include a pair of foam tips. The Ankers also use a silicone ear wing the beats don't. I found this to provide a more secure fit than beats but the beats never fell out of my ears or anything like that.Here is the important part. On sale you can grab a pair of Power Beats 3 for around $130. I got these Ankers for $27 and I have seen them dip into the 20 area. This will sound like hyperbole but the value is insane. These are pretty comparable to the Beats which retail for $200. The Bose are $150 retail. For $30 these things are amazing. After using them for a month I would say even if they were $99 retail they are still a good deal. If you have been looking for some wireless headphones for exercising give these a try.		
2	:	"These headphones have an overbearing and muddy low end. It is like having a permanent ""Bass Booster"" EQ setting (but not in a good way). I will admit some people may not care about this because they are upgrading from low-quality headphones that came with their phone.Fit is pretty good unless you have smaller ears, because the hooks may not catch on your ears high enough to avoid gravity pulling the buds out (particularly while exercising). Unlike pricier headphones with a similar design (e.g. Powerbeats) the hooks do not contain memory wire and cannot be reshaped to fit your ear so your mileage may vary.Even with the above, this would have been a 4-Star product due to the price. HOWEVER, the casing on one of the sides came apart when swapping eartips. I was able to snap it back in place but I need to be careful now every time I change eartips."		
5	:	"Yea, so... I got these for my wife and she was very very impressed by these headphones. The packaging is very good, from the unboxing to the carry case to all the ear pieces to make sure they fit perfectly. How long is the battery life my wife asks who enjoys running, I tell her 12.5 hours, she's still impressed, she asks if they are sweat proof since they will be getting wet from sweat, so I tell her they are waterproof, she's even more impressed, then she asks the price and now she's blown away. For all these features, you should be spending triple what these cost. I should invest in a label maker since all my kids will want their own pairs, and at this price, I can't say no."		
5	:	"usually use S8 AKG bundled earphones.I wanted to have a Bluetooth earphone,While looking for an introduction, other companies' products were expensive,I purchased the company's products for others and bought them.Delivery was faster than I thought, and I used it for about a week.The conclusion is great for beginners.This product can be applied to smartphone EQ.The shielding is also better than I thought, and it is not unreasonable to listen to music even at low volume.battery is more than 3 days at least when it comes to commuting to me.The disadvantage is that the USB port plug is harder than I thought.Bass is weaker than you think.However, in my case, I bought it cheaply, and there were many advantages, so I offset the disadvantage.Good company, good product :)"		
3	:	"ProsI have difficult ears, so much so that I've stayed away from ear bud style headphones for a long period of time. This however is awesome, comes with alot of tips to get the perfect fit that will stay in your ear. Also yes they will stay in place when running. The style itself looks good and the Bluetooth is decent no pairing complaintsConsI so much didn't want to have cons but it's probably partial my fault. The sound quality is very pretty bad for what I'm looking for. I can understand your paying a much lower a cost compared to getting something from jbird, beats, etc but it's just not for me. I came from using a pair of over ear Bose which I got for $99 last holiday season, which I was looking to replace at the gym cause I wanted something light weight, Bluetooth and decent sound.I can't do that with these, I get a secure fit but the sound quality just sounds like someone is low key screaming in my ear. I've tried different equalizers, tips, bit rates just doesn't work for me. As well outside the gym for a casual day the qaulity for me isent there, I've used a cheap pair of jvc gummies that lasted years and still sounded better sadly. At this point I would give up functionality for quality. Currently looking into the higer end zolo liberty headphones that are associated with Anker but if the quality comes out like this then I will send back my first return."		
5	:	"I bought a pair of these headphones back in December but recently had an issue with them. There was no sound coming out of the left ear bud. I contacted Anker and they were kind enough to send me a replacement quickly and without a hassle since I was still under the warranty. They were responsive, really easy to communicate with, and even followed up with me to make sure that I was happy with the replacement. Now that???s what you call service!!These headphones are fantastic for the price. I use them at work, at the gym and when I go for a run. The sound is clear and the bass is good when you use the larger ear tips (included) to get a better seal for isolation. They are comfortable to wear for extended periods of time and have an exceptional battery life. My only complaint is that the volume control is a bit heavy so the wire tends to hang a bit more on the right side. It???s not huge issue since you can easilly adjust the tension of the wire and use the included clip to secure it to your clothing if need be. Definitely not a deal breaker but worth mentioning. I would recommend these headphones to anyone that doesn???t want to spend over $100 on Powerbeats and still get great quality headphones for a reasonable price. Not to mention you are buying from a company that backs it???s products and put their customers??? needs first. Thank you Anker."		
5	:	"Ordered my Anker SoundBuds Curve as a testing product in debating replacing my Anker SoundBuds Lite. Connection was easy and familiar, as I used Anker headset before. Sound quality was loud and clear, little bit louder than my SoundBuds Lite, call quality was also good. The SoundBuds Curve wear comfortably and  fit snugly in my ear, ear tips were  soft. I barely notice the headphone after 20 minutes of running, I ran at a couple of VO2 max run for a few minutes and the headphone stay on the whole time, the earwings definitely help keep the headphone in place. Microusb charging port now have a silicone tab cover on it, so I would say this will help a lot with water resistant, didn't have any issue during and after a sweating work out, I haven't try it in the rain or snow yet but hopefully will one day. In the mean time, I definitely keep mine for the future running sessions, its a great upgrade over over the SoundBud Lite in term of water resistant, comfortable and stay on during exercise as far as running (i would also say biking, jogging may be even snowboarding or skiing). Noise cancellation was also good, wearing headset without turn any music on , and it does reduce about 60-80 percents of surrounding sound (in the case I was sitting next to a Youtube video playing on my computer). Last thing, battery definitely last a good long time, I only use it for exercise (7 hours a week) and turn it off every session, and I haven't need to re-charge it yet.Anker SoundBuds Curve now at 36 bucks, i think it's a heck of a deal, water resistant wireless headset, come with a good looking case, multiple ear tips, loud and clear sound quality, excellent battery life, comfortable, stay snug in and product quality backed by Anker out-standing warranty (I dealt with Anker customer support before and it was pretty easy to get a defective product replaced)"		
4	:	"The audio is just fine.  It's not going to blow you away but it's pretty decent for a budget bluetooth headset.  The really nice touches are how both the inside-the-ear and outside-the-ear pieces are replaceable along with the foam-type inside-the-ear piece which blocks out more of the outside sound.  This is the second set of these I purchased as the last one I got for my wife and liked so much that I wanted a pair for myself.The fit here is what really made it for me.  Even with the floppy around-the-ear bits, the natural fit of them is to press the kit into your ear.  Other kits I've used had to be constantly put back into my ears because they kept falling out.  Looking forward to these actually staying in my ears while I mow the lawn next."		
5	:	"I???m amazed at how good these sound, how well they stay on, and how comfy they are in my ears ???all while lasting almost forever. I???ve literally never run short of battery on these. I also love  how easily they link to both my iPhone and Mac, without the tiresome steps needed for my last headphones.  Only flaw I???ve found is that the tiny charge port cover is so small that it seems about to fall off. It hasn???t yet, but it???s hanging by a thread so we???ll see how long it lasts. Even if it does fall off, as most of them do, it???s still a terrific set for the price."		
2	:	"I have to admit, that these are very disappointing. I've purchased Anker products before and am usually very satisfied. These however do not seem to be worth the cost. There is literally zero bass in them. I don't need my music to be bass-heavy, but if I'm listening to jazz, I at least want to be able to hear the sounds of the stand-up bass. I've tried them on different phones and with my laptop, but they still fail to impress. In addition, the max volume is so low that I strain to hear the person on the other end of a phone call. The only thing they are good for is listening to podcasts, but even then, the room has to fairly quiet."		
1	:	"3rd UPDATE: Second pair broke again, exactly the same way. I will say that I did wear these to work out, so perhaps they would have lasted longer without sweating in them, and I probably should have bought the more expensive waterproof Anker headphones to begin with. However, one of the advertisements on Amazon for these literally shows a guy having water poured on his head, so I think they should do a better job marketing these for non-workout or very light workout use.  Regardless, if you buy these and plan to sweat in them, they will last you about a months worth of workouts/daily use.2nd EDIT/UPDATE: Anker sent me a new pair; I've had it for about 2-ish weeks? So far they are working better--less weird buzzing in the ears and are charging normally! Hopefully this continues, but for now I've updated from 1 to 4 stars! Be wary of the possibility of the below problem, but for a cheap pair of headphones and the responsiveness of Anker, it's not a bad bet to buy these. I'll update again if further problems develop!ORIGINAL REVIEW:About a month after my boyfriend bought these, I bought them since his seemed to fit my ears much better than my old pair. Literally the day after I bought mine, his broke--wouldn't recharge and won't turn on.Pretty much a month later mine did the same thing. Also, even while they worked, the left bud sometimes buzzed really loudly, which wasn't great. So 0/2 on these headphones. After looking at some other reviews, it seems to be a common problem. If you're considering them, I would say your odds of them working out might be low.However, they do fit well to my ears which is really rare for me. I'm sad they broke so quickly.EDIT: The company did contact me and offer a replacement, which was good! I will update this review in about a month if the new ones prove to be effective."		
4	:	"These were my first foray into bluetooth headphones and they don't disappoint. Battery life easily lasts two to three workdays of off-and-on listening. YMMV with battery life of course, depending on how loud/long you listen, but I've never thought 'oh man, these need charging again??', battery life is respectable.The sound quality is what you should expect for headphones at this price point. They're fine. They're not as bright, don't have as wide of a sound stage, nor do they get as deep bass response as my Klipsh R6 wired headphones. They shouldn't though; they are at totally different price points. If I need top sound quality I go to my wired pair. If I want the convenience of a wire-free experience with decent sound quality to boot, I go with these Ankers.I'd also like to note their customer service is excellent. The clip on these broke about ten months after purchase. After a quick email to the company another one arrived in the mail in a matter of days. They even followed up to make sure I received it. Kudos to Anker for their customer service!"		
5	:	"I lost my Bose SoundSport Wireless earbuds after having them about a month and I was NOT going to spend that much money on another pair, so I did my research and decided to give these a try. These Anker soundbuds have been an excellent replacement. The sound quality is perfect, the multiple adjustable earpieces customize to my different sized ear canals perfectly and the battery last a long time. I'm very pleased with my purchase as I have been on all Anker products I've purchased. Another home run Anker!"		
2	:	"As mentioned in many reviews, the design does not quite fits its purpose - active sports. The  small, rectangular block with the volume/power buttons hangs a few inches off the right ear piece. This causes it to swing as you run and it slowly starts to pull on the left ear piece. Also it causes the whole set to be imbalanced - you turn your head right or left (I play tennis with this soundbuds) - and the wire ""sticks"" to your neck and pulls one of the earpieces.Sound - great bass but trebles are lacking - I need to boost every track with a software before copying to my MP3 player.I would definitely recommend to pass on those and look for more sports-suitable design and quality sound even if a few $10s need to be invested."		
5	:	These are the best earbuds I've ever had! They last FOREVER on one charge! I have listened to podcasts and streamed music for 8+ hours a day for 2 weeks and haven't had to charge them yet. I'm amazed! My other wireless earbuds would need recharging after a few hours. There are lots of different sizes of the ear cups so you don't have to worry about them hurting your ears or anything. There is also a clip to attach it to a shirt or jacket so you don't lose them.		
5	:	"I mostly listen to talk radio, so sound quality isn't a big deal to me.  For my purposes, they sound great and get plenty loud enough.  Pairing with other devices was really easy and I haven't had any issues.  It actually has really good range and I go outside my office and down the hall a good ways at work before they start to cut out.  I'm very happy with them so far and would recommend them."		
4	:	"Honestly, I expected a bit more from Anker with their SoundBuds Curve. The sound is pretty poor quality but that???s to be expected at this price point. The most frustrating thing and the reason for the three stars is the fact that the Bluetooth connection cuts in and out as soon as I put my phone in my left pants pocket.** Updated on 11/28/2017 **I was contacted by Anker customer support who assured me that I received a faulty unit. They expressed me out a new pair and I've been happy since. Thank you, Anker, for standing behind your product!"		
1	:	"These arrived March 30, 2018.  I put them to use the next day at the gym.  The bluetooth range is decent and comparable to other headphones I've used in the past (I did not measure the distance from the source).  The sound quality and controls are fine.  I skip rope at the end of my workouts and the bounce from skipping rope would always cause the right earphone to work its way out of my ear - it seemed to be caused by the control bouncing around a lot - this was annoying.I also sweat a lot and sweat would drip down the right earphone cord to the controls.  Once sweat came into the picture, the connection was spotty and the controls would then start acting weird, either not working at all or performing the wrong function - for example, if you press down volume once, the volume should reduce, if you press and hold, the current track restarts.  In my case, I would try to reduce the volume and the track would restart.The last time the headphones worked for me was May 12, 2018.  They no longer come on.  When I plug them in to charge, the LED indicates it's charging (RED) and a while later indicate fully charged (BLUE), but they still don't work.  So, they lasted almost 1.5 months - not worth the money, in my opinion."		
2	:	"Maybe because of noise cancelling sound is quite weird. It sounds like it came from inside of a tin can. Basses are indistinct and loud, but lost any details in midbass. APTX is not marked anywhere on package, not in the manual. Looks like it's only Chinese fake.On the bright side - it's really comfortable while running. All that hooks and ear-tips keeps it in my ears very secure. It is most comfortable fit that I ever had for sport headsetsUPDATE: Checked it with Oreo developer settings - yes it supports APTX.Another note: battery life is perfect. 3rd workout during this week and battery is still ""high"", according to Android info,"		
4	:	"Broke in less than 3 months. While running last night it just gave me a sudden blaze of static in my ear and now it won't power back on and won't charge up.It was working reasonably well for the pricepoint until then. Disappointed the quality didn't hold up.Edit: Warranty process was smooth and painless, they sent me a new one. I've been borrowing my wife's a $200 Bose Soundsport plus in the meantime and though the Bose sounded a little better, I honestly missed my Anker Curve because it was lighter and more comfortable with a longer battery life. Plus I don't have to stress about damage or loss of a $200 set. Previously went through two $150ish Jaybird BlueBuds X which broke on me, so I really value the Curve for being 95% as good for a small fraction of the cost of the expensive Bluetooth earbuds I've had.I will point out that the media controls on the right side will cause the wires to end up shifted onto your right shoulder. They include a shirt clip and attach that to my left side to act as a counterweight to stop the shifting."		
4	:	"Things I like:Battery life is greatComfort is goodEasy pairingCons:Sound is very tinny (for me)Almost zero bass on my setI???m not sure I could recommend these based on volume issues and lack of bass.**********************************I wanted to amend my review and raise the rating on the headsets, only because Anker reached out to me and worked out a solution to my problem.  Anker???s customer service deserves a 10-star rating!  Others haven???t had the problem I had so I???m assuming I just had bad luck with mine.  One thing for sure, Anker???s customer service is the best I???ve ever dealt with!"		
5	:	"I bought a pair of these headphones to wear while I workout both running and cycling.  They fit great, the sound is amazing, and I barely notice them when I am wearing them.  After a couple weeks they did stop working.  I sent an email into customer service and heard back quickly. We tried troubleshooting and it seems I got a bad pair.  They sent me a new pair, no questions asked, and they have been working flawlessly ever since.  Very happy with these headphones and the impeccable customer service."		
5	:	"Found these headphones after doing a simple Google search for ???best budget workout earbuds???. Lost my previous pair purchased only a year ago and can???t believe how far Bluetooth headphones have come in just that short time...or whether these headphones are just ???that good???.The overall is just a little bit better than any workout headphones I???ve previously used (though I should note that for my workout headphones I never have spent more than $40, simply because I lose them all the time). The bass is full and robust, which is something I value heavily. They paired easily with my iPhone, are quite light, and stay in the ear quite well.While these headphones have CVC noise canceling technology, as I understand it this only in use during phone calls. However, I can attest that they are excellent in blocking out background noise...my gym has an spin instructor who blasts his obnoxious dubstep music incessantly...with my old headphones his music would leak into my ears and I couldn???t block it out, even at full volume. With these Anker headphones I can finally workout without the annoyance.Note, these headphones will never replace any high-end Bose product...but at 1/10 the price, I???ll save my QC-35s for the airplane and in the meantime will co timid to have a separate great pair for my workouts"		
5	:	"5/30/2018 UPDATE: Anker was kind enough to send another replacement pair. I've been using them for a few weeks now and they work great. I really appreciate the customer service and am changing my review back up to five stars. Mistakes happen and sometimes a lemon or two make it out the door, but it's how you rectify the problem that matters.04/23/2018 UPDATE: The new set died on me. Back to using my wired earbuds until I find an alternative solution. I find it unlikely that both pairs I received were just lemons, and since I use these exclusively for weightlifting and high intensity exercise (i.e. lots of sweating), I can only suspect that the waterproof claim is a bit exaggerated (after reviewing the amazon page for them I can't seem to find an IPX rating). In the interest of full disclosure, I was able to resurrect the old set, although the battery life is a fraction of what it used to be and I'm lucky to get a single workout out of them, so they are still not much use.04/03/2018 UPDATE: Anker contacted me immediately regarding my issue and were quick to send a replacement. So far so good with the new set. You really can't go wrong with the price, especially for what you're getting. I'm going to give the new set a few more weeks before I change my review all the way back up to five stars.ORIGINAL REVIEW: I loved them up until about 2 hours ago when I hit the gym and went to turn them on and...NOTHING. Took them home and they won't even take a charge. Normally I'm a huge fan of Anker, it saddens me to have to write this review."		
5	:	"I am very impressed with these headphones. The build quality is equivalent to a pair that I would normally pay double for. The same goes for audio quality, these things sound great. The biggest thing for me though was fit. I bought some other ""in-ear"" headphones in the same price range without the over-ear loop design, and had a miserable time trying to cram different sized rubber plugs into my ears.This set is supremely comfortable, using the over ear loop, and the little fitting wings for the in-ear system, they are cozy to wear all day. The final selling point for me was the battery life. They will last for active listening for at least 12 hours on a full charge, and the standby is ridiculously efficient. They seem to just hang out waiting for you to jam again.For me, the price, the build, the fit, the battery and audio quality earn this set 5 stars easily, and I'd recommend them to anyone. I'm going to consider other Anker's products after experiencing these things."		
2	:	"They were great while they lasted. I ordered these in October of 2017 to use for running, and now it???s January of 2018 and they have stopped working. They will no longer connect to any of my Bluetooth devices and it???s a bit ridiculous that they quit working after such a short amount of time.Maybe I got duds, and the sound quality was quite good for Bluetooth earbuds, but there is no reason they should already be having issues."		
5	:	This is my third pair of Bluetooth headphones. By far the best so far. First and foremost the battery life is great. I'm getting 12 to 14 hours constant use(music and phone calls). The bass is respectable for 25 dollar headphones. Didn't think I'd like the over the ear earpiece but it's comfortable and keeps headphones on through strenuous work and movement. All in all best headphones in this price range I've used and I've used a few. Also I've dropped these headphones a few times and they still work (another pair I liked died after being dropped).		
2	:	"I was really optimistic about these headphones because I have quite a few Anker battery chargers that I love and heavily rely on when I travel.However, the headphones have been a different experience for me. They worked well when they first arrived: it easily connected to my android and the controls were straight forward. Right off the bat, the ear-loops did not stay put on my ears, especially whenever I wore them with my sunglasses/glasses. Nevertheless, I just assumed that this was my own issue and not the earphones.About five weeks later, the headphones stopped working and would not turn on. I initially thought that the charge in the battery was out, but they still do not work after letting them charge for half a day.I'm quite disappointed with this purchase. I would say that Anker does make some good products, but maybe I got unlucky with these headphones. Just my own $25.99 worth of thoughts...Update: 06/28/2018Anker saw this review and got in touch with me to replace the broken headphones. However, the replacement headphones stopped working just like the first pair after just three weeks. Anker once again offered to replace the headphones, but I wanted to simply return the headphones and receive a refund instead of possibly getting another defective headphones. However Anker then offered me a new advance model earphones instead (Anker Soundcore Spirit X) as a replacement. The new Soundcore  Spirit X earphones have since been working great and have stood up to the rigors of traveling around the world.In summary, I do not think these headphones are very good; I think that the Anker Sound Spirit X instead are good. Having one headphones stop working is bad luck, but having two headphones stop working indicates to me that there's something wrong with the quality of the build of the headphones. Nevertheless, Anker customer service was there the entire time and never let me feel as if they did not care. I would say that Anker customer service easily ranks 5 stars - they kept up with my report and checked in on me week after week to make sure that the headphones were to my satisfaction. So, if you're still looking to get these headphones, rest assured that Anker's customer service has your back."		
5	:	"Okay, let's break it down into groups here:Fit:  To me, they are mighty comfortable.  Lightweight enough not to notice during a 16.5 mile run.  Only thing would be as I run the cord had a biased 'pull' toward the control side (though it didn't bother me at all).  I've only used the default earpiece size because they fit so well.  After some time into my run when I was sweating quite a bit, the buds worked a bit loose from the initial tight fit.  Volume was still fine, and because I want to hear my surroundings at least a bit when I run it was fine for me.Uses:  I have only had these for a couple of weeks, but have used it on runs and also for listening to music in my apartment.  My neighbors complain about the noise sometimes so I can put this in my ears, bluetooth it to the computer, and get fantastic quality surround sound.Sound Quality:  When I first tested it using a YouTube video, the stream cut out very briefly (.5-1 second) twice during a 4 minute video.  All the rest of the time it was great.  Didn't really notice it when running.  As far as quality, it's better than I expected (though, to be warned, I am far far from being a sound quality snob).Volume:  As I found looking through other reviews, the upper end volume is not super high.  However, I will claim that it is still high, allowing me to get clear sound on dialogue or lyrics.Things I like the best:  Over ear hook, clear on/off sounds, easy connectivity, battery life (though I still haven't done a study on the exact length), and of course the price.Things that could be improved:  The little plastic flap that covers the charge port could engage better (I sweat like a wet sponge and I worry it will leak in there someday), the upper end volume could go up a bit, and that's all!3/15/18 Update:  I wanted to provide even more great details.  First off, I went biking in 25 mph winds and was able to hear fine, and I was able to have a good conversation when my father called (quite impressed with the microphone).  Secondly, I enjoy the freedom of the bluetooth.  I worked on the farm most of the day and didn't have to worry about sagging or snagging.  I do have a design suggestion: when I bike, I will keep the right earbud in but take out the left earbud and hook it into the front collar.  It could be cool to save battery by only playing out of one ear.  I realize that this may not be the market for that, but it was just a suggestion!"		
2	:	"I did a lot of research and review-reading to try to find a great pair of Bluetooth earbuds because sound quality is an important must for me, and these earbuds were amazing when I got them. I loved them so much. The bass was superb, sound was crystal clear, a lot more than other pairs of earbuds I've had in the past. The range was also really great and there was never a disconnection. Battery life was also really great and I was overall really satisfied that taking the extra time to research had paid off in the end.They lasted a little over a month or so and then two days ago they would not turn on. I tried plugging them in and the light indicator would not light up to signify that they were charging. I just went through a troubleshooting with Amazon support and they concluded that this pair is defective. For context, I always took care of my earbuds; put them in the case when I wasn't using them, never subjected them to high-moisture conditions or high heat, never over-charged them. I was told I could not get a replacement through Amazon so I'm going to have to return my pair and wait for a refund, but I'm just really disappointed. I think maybe the company needs to test their products out for longer periods of time so that this doesn't happen."		
4	:	"These seemed to work better when I initially received them and have been degrading over time. I now experience crackling and stuttering even when my phone is right next to them.Other than that the sound quality and range of volume and frequencies is good.They seem well made with good material quality, but the cord and remote position can be a little annoying when it swings back and forth against your neck.The battery life is great and they recharge quickly. This is my own fault, but I often leave them on overnight after listening to books in bed and wake up to a drained battery. So make sure to turn them off when not in use!"		
4	:	"Been using this for around a month and so far haven't had a single problem. Fits snuggly, long battery life, sounds great, everything you want in bluetooth headset. I have not tested to see how water resistant this is, I do sweat a bit when I workout but never to the point where I'm drowning my headset in sweat. It does charge really quickly, a quick 30 minute charge up can definitely last me a few more hours if I need it to push through till the end of work.If I can find some flaw with this, it be nice if it came with some sort of clip. When I only have it inserted in my right ear, the weight of the other earbud pulls the cord down till the whole thing is hanging on my right ear. Simple fix with a binder clip but a little advice in case anker reads through these reviews and needs some inspiration for improvements."		
4	:	"Firstly, the battery life is phenomenal on these. Secondly, the sound is quite good, especially for the cost. However, these headphones are not ideal for more active pursuits based on their design. For fairly stationary work or walking, they shine. The only downside is that the ear tips lose their seal if you move around and sound quality suffers. When keep sealed, these sound quite good and are also open enough to hear coworkers and your environment - volume dependant of course."		
5	:	"These are great. Was just about to buy the cheaper slim Anker buds but saw these had been released. At the time there were just a few reviews, but I'm glad I took the chance. My favorite wireless headphones to date. Noise canceling is awesome it usually gives me a headache, but it's all good with these. I have already gotten in trouble a few times since my girlfriend thought i was ignoring her. Can't say enough good about these things. Hopefully they last for a long long time."		
5	:	"I love these. I???ve tried high end ones and cheaper ones, and I always go back to these. They stay on my ears, sound quality is great, battery life is great, and they say on my phone their battery level which is a must have for me. I would buy these again and again over luxury brand head phones"		
4	:	I was skeptical on buying these for the price but given Anker has always made great products I gave them a shot. I???m extremely active at work and also workout daily and these are the best speakers I???ve had! They hang on good with the over ear clips and readjustments are hardly needed.I rated these four stars as I wish the speaker quality was a little better but it???s great for the price. The volume control is a little bulky as well.I will definitely purchase another set to have on hand.		
4	:	"These headphones worked great when they worked. I am a very heavy sweater in quite a humid climate and tried these for marathon training and they unfortunately didn't stand a chance against the intense moisture. They fit my ears great, felt very secure, and sounded really nice. Battery lasts pretty long. If you don't sweat much or you're just going to use them for a less sweaty activity, they will be great for you.After my first pair died, Anker customer service was really great about sending me another no questions asked, and after the second pair died, they happily offered suggestions for troubleshooting and when they didn't work, refunded me without any issue. They were very pleasant to work with, I wonder how they make money just refunding people all the time. But I wouldn't have any reservations about trying another of their products since I now have lots of trust in their quality guarantee."		
4	:	"Some slight connection issues but overall excellent quality. I don't usually care for earbuds that loop over the ear, but these are surprisingly comfortable. The controls are reliable and allow you to shut off the earbuds when not in use (no need to rely on the magnetic connection type earbuds)."		
5	:	"I???ve been looking for several months for headphones that are Bluetooth, stay in my ears and have good sound quality (both audio and phone). I didn???t even THINK to look at Anker. I have many of their batteries and chargers and had no clue they made headphones. When I found out, it wasn???t a matter of if I would buy them but which of the different ones they have. I chose this one because of the ability to work out in them (for my late night yoga on my iPad without waking the whole family) and because the phone convo quality seemed good from past reviews. After using them for a week, I???m excited to report that they are perfect for what I was looking for! The battery has lasted well, too! Thank you for this awesome product!!"		
5	:	Just got these headphones today and WOW the audio quality blew my expectations out of the water. The Bluetooth hasn't dropped out and there is no latency with the controls. These fit snuggly in my ears so they do have a sort of noise isolation effect. Not to a great degree but they do block a decent amount of outside noise. What's also awesome is they have a microphone built in so you can make calls with them. Honestly if you're on the fence about getting these I highly recommend it. Especially if you can pick them up for $25		
3	:	"I've been a fan of Anker products for several years.  Always the battery packs and chargers.  So, I decided to give these a try.  There are so many positive reviews I thought this would be a slam dunk.  Audio quality?  Clean on the top end, very little bottom. And the gain is rather limited.  My iPhone gives me decent volume, but the Bluetooth from my computer is exceptionally low, even when at 100%.  I'll use the case, but the earbuds will sit in a drawer."		
5	:	"Having many Anker products and having had 2 failed wireless headsets from other vendors, I took a chance and got these for my wife.I often call while she is cooking and the speaker phone quality on her end is awful. I got her these to wear while cooking or working in her studio - a present for Christmas. We opened them, charged them synced them and then ... a persistent rasping buzz around whatever she said. I could still understand her but it was very annoying. I wrote to Anker and they responded within a day - and I missed the email. They followed up again and my reply got caught in Outbox. After five tries, we finally connected (my fault, not theirs) and they decided that I had waited so long that they just shipped me a new pair, free. I did not even have to return the other pair. The new pair arrived and worked perfectly - quiet background, long battery life, very clear speech and very clear audio for her when I was talking. Many sizes of head buds for a perfect fit, and are very comfortable for her.  By the way, they followed up to make sure I got the replacements, and followed up again to make sure they were satisfactory.Between very good quality and amazing customer service, they easily earned five stars."		
5	:	"So far so good. I???ve had several different kinds of bluetoother headphones and these are my favorite. I???ve tried other cheap ones and some of them had annoying buzzing/humming, or started having connectivity issues within the first year. These have great battery life (what Anker is known for) and sound awesome. They???re not studio headphones so don???t expect that, but if you can find the eq settings in your Spotify app you???ll be very satisfied. I was about to splurge on jaybirds or Bose, but glad I found these first."		
4	:	"Just got mine, charged and paired.  AMAZING 1 week delivery to a reasonably remote Aussie region.First hour impressions on usage are it is pretty flimsy and quite tinny. They stick out quite a lot, people really know you are wearing them. However, my usage is back-up for my backbeat fits for audiobooks, not music. So the price and stated battery life meet my needs. Another pair of my loved hard worn backbeat fits at about AU$140 would have been overkill. It's a cheap alternative .. I am happy. I wouldn't be if I expected to play good music and these were my main pair of earbuds.???---- two days later. Not my first point of call as their ease of use obviously doesn't come near an expensive pair. But I still rate them a really good buy due to price. They work well and I have thrown out my failed AU$9 Chinese pieces of trash.Definitely, recommend."		
3	:	"Purchased 10 since Feb 2018, first one just to try out along w/ another brand. since I'm on a journey to find the perfect workout bluetooth...lol while Im writing a reviview in the gym on the cardio machine 10 stops working. If I count the cheaper version i bought from Walmart retail, it's 11 with 1 left. 10 purchased all Same Anker Soundbuds.To be fair to Anker: 3 were gifts, 2 stolen feon mail area in apt building so no one to blame. But the rest, all 5 went out same way, during my workouts. Design would be better if battery part of ear hook, but for a truly 12hrs playback might be difficult. After my second Beats malfunction in 2 weeks I began buying bluetooth headphones very often, at on point having 10 working ones. When I got Anker stopped listening to everything else and bought more. I listen to music all day qt work, car driving and gym. And yes usually around 12 hrs and swap to another Anker while one charges. First malfunction thought a fluke and bought more. After second one down realized it was sweat during workout and made sure charging port lid shut closed firmly but dont think it helps. Ironically second to last Soundbud went out yesterday and my disappointment isnt that it is not sweatproof. TRUST ME WHEN I SAY NO SUCH THING AS SWEAT PROOF, just that the intervals of malfunction with each new purchase increased...this one lasted less than 2 weeks compared to 2 months with first few which yook a lot worse workout beating. But comfort, soundquality talking being hear during phone calls and music clarity excellent."		
4	:	"I didn't want to leave a review until I tried these for 2 weeks. I use them Monday- Friday, 2 hours at the gym and 1 hour of cardio at the lake. For the price I'm satisfied. The quality falls between my JBL Reflect Contours and Power Beats 3 at more than half the cost. They are bass heavy, which I don't mind. If you buy them you won't have any regrets or buyers remorse.  Over the last 2 weeks of heavy use I did notice a couple of things that I didn't like though. The wire around your neck seems odd. While I squat, bench press, run and do lat pull downs I noticed the wire moves around a lot. Sometimes twisting up, then I had to take one ear piece off and re-adjust the wire. I did use the supplied cord management clip and shirt clip. It didn't help with the cord moving around. I think it's because the weight of the volume box pulls down more on one side.  I also noticed static noise while jolting up from the bench press laying position to a seated position. This has only happened twice.  Overall I do think they're worth the $39.99 I paid. They're currently listed at $32.99 as of 9/15/17. So they're even more worth it. But it's kinda a bummer to people that paid more 2 weeks ago."		
1	:	"These Anker headphones work and I love all anker products(power supply for cell phones and another Bluetooth headset), but there is a problem. The Audio works great and no problem with connection. The problem I had 2 days ago and I have had these for less than two weeks is when I charged them for an hour I started smelling a burning plastic smell and it was my headphones. The back was melting and I thought it might explode. I was shocked and disappointed in what I consider a quality brand for the price. I will post the pictures with this review and contact Anker. I would not recommend this product."		
1	:	"I got my first pair and they died while I was running. I thought it was strange the battery didn???t last longer but then when I plugged it in nothing happened, they were completely dead.They sent me out new ones but those died after the same amount of time which was about 3 weeks of sparadic use and nothing I did could make them work again.So I received 2 pairs of these and they both died after 3 weeks of use and when I say died I mean dead as a door nail."		
5	:	"Great Value.  I use it for exercise and the fit and support in my ear is perfect.  I use it for running and weight lifting.  My ear is not very big, so I struggled with my former headphones, jaybird X2 since they keep in place with a small thing inside your ear, but it  never feel comfortable so I decided to try something different.  The anker headphones fit the bill, and for 20 bucks (vs >100 jaybird) is worth the try.  So far so good, sound is even better and they keep in place all the time.  I had an issue with the battery, however customer service is excellent and I received a new one in few days."		
5	:	"These Anker SoundBuds Curve are Awesome!! I've used them every day since I got them. First off, they are really comfortable, no pressure points at all and stay put. The sound is really good, Music, podcast and movies all sound great. There is a depth to the sound was quite unexpected. Battery life is excellent. I've had them on almost all day at work and seemed to have plenty of juice to go. This is a solid buy! I recommend!"		
5	:	"I received a defective product (mic wasn't working) called Anker, and they sent me a new product without having to return the defective one (I tried to speak to them with the defective one, but they could not hear me). A few days later my replacement arrived. what can I say, great sound for the price, long 12.5 battery hours, waterproof, and they stay nice and tight in my ears. Best customer service!!!!"		
5	:	3 Month Update: Anker promptly tried to resolve the issue. They went through some reset steps and replaced my device. Great customer service and very understanding.2.5 Month Update: The Right earphone stopped functioning after 2.5 months. I tried pairing the bluetooth headphones with my MacBook and phone; neither fixed the issue. I also made sure the battery was charged to 100%.I'm very disappointed. I own an Anker battery pack and USB C cable and both perform well. Wish they would have lasted through the year.Pros:-Long battery life ~9-10hrs-Feels sturdy and matte material feels premium-sound is surprising good for the price-balanced bassCons: STOPS WORKING AFTER A COUPLE WEEKS-I noticed it doesn't read battery life at 100% for very long (Android shows bluetooth battery percentage); drops to 80% after 2 minutes-I'm noticing a lot more interruptions than when I first received it (randomly hiccups even when there is no barrier)I will update after a couple of more weeks		
2	:	"I purchased these because they were affordable, and there were many solid reviews.  Over all, I like Anker products, and felt pretty confident with the purchase.  Some reviews indicated that these didn't have a lot of bass, but said they were seevicible.Well, they arrived, and I paired them with my phone quite easily.  Unfortunately, the sound quality was pretty poor.  The mids and highs were clear enough, but there was a complete lack of bass.Unfortunately, I cannot recommend these."		
5	:	"So far, the best sound of any cordless headphones I've bought. Nice fit with no slipping out of buds while working out. May rate higher after I see about batter life.Update: Batter lasts forever... been able to get through half a dozen workouts without needing to recharge. Still finding the sound to be the best of any buds or bluetooth headphones I've tried. Highly recommend this product."		
5	:	"These earbuds are the best I've ever had. The battery is truly about the 12 hours advertised, even though I listen to my music at a somewhat high volume. The sound quality and build quality are both quite good, but the most noticeable thing is the comfort. These are the most comfortable earbuds I've ever worn by far. They fit perfectly and don't slip when I'm running. However, the weight of the controller on the left does then to be noticeable, but is easily fixed with one of the clips in the package and honestly doesn't bother me too much. If you are looking for some good earbuds at a budget price, these can't be beat."		
5	:	"Works over 5 hours ( I had a busy day, wearing it on/off, didn't get home until evening). The ear tips kept falling off, so I went through most of it that came with this product quickly. Headphones stays on great when running, easy to tie up around your neck when not in use. Best blue tooth headphones I've used so far - I have only bought a few before....  Just remember to charge it.Definitely recommend!"		
5	:	"***Original review - 2 Stars ***I got these earphones in Jan, but I've been using these earphones more regularly since the beginning of the summer a couple of times per week at the gym. The last two times, even though it was fully charged, all of a sudden the audio would die out and the LED light would turn pink > purple. Now I can't turn them on. I did enjoy these earphones while they did last, however, not sure the quality of long lasting.***Updated Review - 5 Stars***I contacted Anker and they fulfilled their side of the warranty and sent me a new pair of headphones. Great customer service and so far everything works fine.  Anker's customer service is unbeatable with the quick and courteous response. Will write an updated review if I have any further issues with the new set of earphones."		
5	:	"These Anker sound buds are crazy. I've used Anker in the past for battery and charging products, but never audio. This is my first shot at their audio products and I'm speechless.The design of the earpiece is perfect. The two-piece design allows for a perfect snug fit. This actually makes the buds sound almost noise cancelling to surrounding sounds. The ear band is a little flimsy and not as moldable as I would like, but that is a very small deal compared to everything else. The headset is lightweight, 12.5 hour battery life, and super intuitive. Check out the pictures I added and you will see for yourself.The case itself is super high quality. It is actually made of leather and works really well with the setup and charger.No this headset will not be THE best on the market. However it is by far THE best for anything within $150 of the price range. Anker soundbuds curve are THE package for something this cheap. Because of the perfect in-ear design up these, I prefer to wear them over my very expensive Bose. Sound quality is very comparable between the two.In conclusion: I was spectacle of these being anything but mediocre because of the price.... I was happily wrong. Huge bang for your buck here.* I was not paid by Anker to make this review. The product was purchased and reviewed on my own accord."		
5	:	"Full disclosure: I guess I'm an Anker junkie. I won't buy any products they make from anyone else. I'll keep this short as there are already so many good reviews here. They're great, you can't beat the price, although we did when they were ten bucks off one day and I bought a blue for myself and a red pair (they're more orangy) for my wife. She took the blue, but that's another story. The sound and battery life are fantastic. Phone call quality is excellent. They're packaged with an extraordinary amount of extra ear and canal size pieces. Take a minute to read the specs and included extras."		
3	:	"****Updated**** Took customer service a week or 2 after my initial review to co fact me about my broken headphones. Was given the option to have a new pair sent out to me. I declined and requested a full refund. Anker Customer service was prompt with granting the refund and was there to answer any other questions I may have had.After (3 days a week) use for 6 months, the left earbud dies out. I don???t even play music loud nor do these buds go up high enough to blow out the speaker.I just want to find a decent priced headphone that???ll last more than 6 months. It???s impossible though."		
4	:	"I bought these to use during exercise and it served me well for over half an year. Because I usually listen to audio books or podcasts, sound quality isn't a major concern for me. Sound quality isn't great but it is good enough given the price. The design makes it so that the headset won't fall off no matter what exercise I do, which I consider a huge plus. It started losing battery capacity after about 6 months of almost daily use and now won't last for more than an hour at the most once I charge it fully. Because mine was still in warranty, I contacted customer support and they promptly sent me a replacement. Overall their support was pretty good, product is decent quality and definitely a good value for money. I am rating it 4 star because the battery didn't last long enough."		
1	:	"I have had these headphones for 6 months now, and for the much of that period I was happy with them. The material design is nice, I enjoy that these are matte black and not glossy so as to get all fingerprinty, and the rubberized finish is my personal preference for products like these. I have had occasional issues with pairing and such, but nothing too egregious, I would mostly put that on the inconsistency of bluetooth. Battery life has also always been adequate.However, I recently began to get back into running and would use these headphones on my runs to listen to music or podcasts. Within a relatively small amount of runs though, my headphones kicked out. Despite Anker's advertising these headphones as ""water resistant"", it appears that my headphones have completely bit the dust as a result of sweat getting in them. I attempted to let them dry out for an extended period, but to no avail. I am very disappointed in this, particularly because I bought these under the impression of Anker's advertised ""waterproof"" and ""water resistant"" taglines. Would not recommend these to anyone for use with exercise."		
4	:	Product stopped working after 3 uses. Anker is a company I turn to for things like this and it is disappointing that their products are hit or miss. I would appreciate if someone from anker reached out.Update: Anker was very quick with customer service and provided a replacement pair which seem to be working well. Anker is attentive and made sure I had everything I needed with no added cost.		
5	:	"I came from the original Jaybird X earbuds, but they were on the fritz after a lot of heavy use. I was going to move up to the newer Jaybirds, but figured I would give these a try first since they were so much cheaper. Wow... out of the box these things blow away the Jaybirds. Sound is about the same, but comfort and battery life are much better.I can wear these for hours and not have any problems. These don't slip out of my ears and the the sound is great. I am not an audiophile and I am sure there are better out there, but for the price these are amazing. So glad I didn't spend tons of cash on any other earbuds. The only thing I wish these had was a USB C connection instead of the micro USB."		
4	:	"These headphones have a nice rigid ear hook, so they stay in place. The tips are very comfortable even when listening for a couple hours. They will last me an entire week working out every day.The only reason for Four stars instead of Five is that the volume isn't as powerful as some other ear hook headphone I've used. There isn't a lot of bass in comparison either. For reference: I can turn the volume up all the way on these and be comfortable, whereas on some other headphones 75% volume is painfully loud."		
4	:	"I would love to give this product a full 5 stars. The headphones fit perfectly, battery life is excellent, and they pair with ease every time. I loved these headphones so much I bought a second pair for my wife. Unfortunately, after about 3 weeks of use one significant flaw became apparent. The blue LED within the device stays on 24/7, the headphones function perfectly in every other sense. I put them in my ears, hold down the play button to turn them on, and they work as usual. Then I hold down the play button to shut them off, I hear the tone indicating they are off, and the blue light stays on. The headphones are great in every other aspect, I would love to rate them higher, but I think with time the battery life -particularly the standby time- will be considerably shortened as the blue light stays on all the time. I have included a short video to help demonstrate the issue.-----Edit, Shortly after posting this review Anker contacted me directly and offered to replace the faulty headphones free of charge. My new pair have given me zero issues so far. I will continue to buy products from Anker because of their exceptional customer service. -------"		
3	:	"The pair I initially received had an issue where it would not hold a charge. I decided to give five stars, though, because Anker was very easy to work with and stood behind the product. I have a new pair now that is working great, and I love these headphones! Good sound quality and fit; easy to use. Great product!Update: The company was still very great to work with; their customer service was exceptional. Unfortunately, however, after especially sweaty workouts the headphones did not fizzled out and stopped working. I ultimately went through three pairs, then the company gave me a full refund. I'm bummed they did not work out better.I still give three stars because they are still good headphones with a lot of great qualities, and if someone does not sweat to the level I do (which is a lot) they may work fine for them for a long time."		
4	:	"I have had a good experience with this company and their customer service. The problem is though, that I've been in touch with them because I have had two pairs of headphones that completely died on me. The first pair I had for about three months and they worked great, but one day they stopped working while I was using them and would not turn on, charge or work again -- completely dead. They come with a warranty so I contacted the company and was able to get another pair for free and very quickly. The second pair only lasted about 3-4 months as well. I think both might have died from getting sweat into the spot that the charger fits into -- so I think they are very water sensitive. If you avoid this completely, these are great quality headphones for the price. It's unrealistic to use these for exercise though and not get sweat on them, so in that case, it depends if you're willing to deal with getting the replacement. But I would say it's worth it considering they are the best quality headphone I've found for this price (that is, until they die....). Would give three stars but gave an extra for such stellar customer service."		
3	:	"Sound is good; however, if I have the earbuds in too tight, my hearing will be muffled and sound like I am talking under water.  Not a big deal since I can readjust.  Standby battery life is horrible, I had it sitting around for two days after an hour of usage, the headsets drained to nothing.  Bluetooth connectivity is spotty, when connected it stays connected; However, after charging I had to pair it again.  The same problem if the battery is drained.  Not too happy with the little issues but I had to make the best of it or I willl be wasting money buying another headsets.  However, I will think twice if come across this brand again if I am in the market for another Bluetooth headsets"		
3	:	"Bought these because of the price and some reviews stating that they are good for working out. Can???t complain about the quality for the price, the sound is definitely a bit dull.Biggest issue is that they are just so bulky and floppy, I can???t do any sort of movement like running or jumping without feeling them tugging on my ears. Will be returning and buying something more sports-specific"		
1	:	"These headphones worked really well for about 8 months, and then they suddenly stopped turning on. I contacted Anker support and they were very responsive. Several problems came up from there though.The first warranty replacement Anker sent was DOA. It was pretty obviously a pair that had been previously returned. The box was already opened and the headphones looked like they had been in somebody???s ears. A little investigation showed the headphones would shut off immediately after being paired with anything, even after a few hours of charging.To their credit, Anker sent another replacement. However, after a few workouts on my indoor cycling trainer and treadmill, the controls on the third set gave out. I don???t know if it is sweat getting into the electronics, but if it is, these headphones aren???t very good for any vigorous activity.Anker customer service has been very responsive, but I???m tired of wasting time with this set."		
5	:	"These are some of the most comfortable headphones I have ever worn. They mold to my ears and will stay in position no matter how fast I am running. The problem is that when I got them, the left earbud had a very faint but noticeable buzzing noise that would not go away. After a week it only got worse, to the point where I could not enjoy any music without listening to it. I might have just gotten a defective unit and am probably going to order another, as I own several Anker products and they are usually top notch.UPDATE: Anker promptly shipped me a replacement as soon as I posted my original review, and it looks like the first unit was just defective as the replacement does not have the buzzing noise issue at all. Awesome customer service."		
5	:	"I bought these ear buds on Nov. 2017 and they have been working as expected, if not better. I have a fairly large head so most headphones either break or don't fit so I had to look for ear buds. And having big ears as well, most ear buds would either fall out because the ear tips are too small and fall out or the earbuds with hooks would irritate my ears. Fortunately for these ear buds, the hooks are rubber so there is no irritation.Out of the box, you get the earbuds, different foam tips, fins, a clip to attach to your shirt or jacket and a small micro usb charging cable. You also get a carrying case to put your earbuds and extra accessories in.The sound quality is pretty good and with the large foam tips provided, the noise cancellation is fantastic. Testing the battery life, I was able to get 9 hours of use, turning it on and off maybe 2 or 3 times. Charging to full battery was very fast, taking maybe about an hour.One of the biggest highlights I think that make these buds great is how you can use them, not just for phone calls, but to use on apps like skype or discord.I did have a hiccup after having the buds for 3 months, the right side ear bud starting losing sound and I could barely hear. I messaged Anker support and they contacted me back very quickly. The agent who assisted me was very friendly and helpful. Anker replaced my earbuds free of charge and I was able to get the same great quality I had from the first pair.I would definitely recommend these earbuds to anyone who needs long battery life, great sound quality, and ease of use."		
5	:	"I ordered these headphones a little over a year ago and used them on daily basis until my pair unfortunately wore out. The left headphone housing came apart which separated the wire from the speaker, ultimately making the headphones unusable. Up until then, they had been great headphones and I was disappointed I would have to find another pair.However, after emailing Anker support and informing them of my issue, they were more than happy to offer me a replacement as per their 18 month warranty. The process was really smooth and easy and I had a brand new working pair less than a week after emailing them.Because of my experience I can't help but give a 5 star review for this product. Overall, had the build quality been a bit more robust, these headphones would be perfect. Nonetheless, they still offer awesome audio quality, solid battery life, and fast Bluetooth connectivity at an unbeatable price point.Don't waste your money on overpriced garbage like beats and get these headphones. Worst case scenario if you wear through them you can get a new pair for free. I highly doubt you get that kind of customer service with Apple."		
1	:	"Worthless! They just stopped working during a long run. Initially thought they ran out of battery. They won't turn on after trying g several times. Avoid this headphones if you want to use them during marathon or very long runsApril 10th 2018 update. Gotta say Anker's customer support rocks. After my initial review Anker sent me a second pair free of charge. Hopefully this second pair will work as expected.September 12th, 2018 update. Second pair that Anker gave me just died on me. I use this for regular running and I am guessing they are not suitable for regular exercise. Totally disappointed by this product"		
5	:	"I have had two pairs of Bluetooth headphones, both of which had about 2-3 hours of battery life per charge. I can use these daily and have only had to charge them a couple times since purchasing them. They are comfortable to wear and the sound quality is fabulous! The mic is very clear when answering calls. Very impressed with these!"		
5	:	"Extremely pleased. Out of the box, charged and ready to use at the gym today. Stock ear pieces fit great, but will have the others if thst changes. Easy to pair with my phone and now I'm hands free at the gym! After first sweaty cardio sesh on stairclimber these held up well, stayed in my ears and had no irritation whatsoever. Very, very pleased with this purchase and sad I waited so long to gamble!"		
1	:	"I went through 3 pairs of these headphones.  The first pair wouldn't hold a charge for more than a few hours.  If I charged it and tried to turn it on the next morning it would be dead.  I emailed Anker support and they quickly sent me a replacement pair.  The second pair charged well and held the charge for a long time.  The problem was I couldn't get past a second charge (about a week) before the buttons on the remote stopped working.  I emailed Anker support again and they had me send back the defective pair and they sent me another pair pretty quickly.  I figured this should be it but the third pair's buttons, after about a month of not holding a charge very well, but enough to last two 1 hour workouts, stopped working as well.  The on/off/play button worked still worked so I was charging it and using it but then the charge began to hold for not more than 20 mins and then the final button stopped working.  I gave up at this point and didn't want to bother with trying to get another pair.  I've gone back to my trusty wired headphones.The headphones, when functional, provided great support and sound.  They were very snug on my ears and provided good sound.  It's a shame I ran into so many problems but after the third time I was done."		
1	:	"Update:  Anker customer service sent a new pair or headphones. After using these for a about 6 months I have trouble turning them on. Once I do get them to turn on they drop connection to my phone when I???m within 10ft of my phone.  I love the Anker battery packs and small portable speaker but VERY disappointed that these headphones don???t last.After posting this review Anker customer service contacted me and had a new pair of headphones sent to me within a few days. These new pair have worked great over the last few months.  However I have recently been experiencing the same connectivity issue as before.  Not sure what might be causing this issue but turning the head phones off/on seems to fix it for the duration of my hour long workout.Old review: Just received this product Friday and have used it working out for 1 hour. The headphones went silent twice during my workout, I was within 10 ft of my phone during the entire workout, and I had to turn them off and back on to get them to reconnect. I???ll try again tomorrow morning to see if this issue continues.Sound quality is great and the headphones stay in place better than my Jaybird headphones.Will update this review in a few days."		
1	:	Love these headphones.  I finally got tired of paying big money for running headphones only to have them break a month later.  For the price point These are gold.UpdateAfter having these for only a month they stopped working and will not recharge.  Very disappointed!!!!Update 2Anker has replaced my headphones and sent me a new pair!  Hopefully these will last.  It???s rare to find such excellent customer service nowadays!  ThanksUpdate 3:The replacement of the replacement has now broken.  I love these headphones but they basically last about a month max.  Kinda insane to have to get s replacement pair after just 30 days.  I use them for running so I???m not rough on them.  They just stop charging after a while.  Thankfully the company sends me a new pair but this is getting nuts!!!		
3	:	"People have a hard time hearing me. I'm not sure if it's actually the quality of the mic, or if the piece just sits to close to my face/neck and becomes muffled. These things are DEFINITELY noise canceling. Even before they are turned on, when you put them in it blocks out the outside sounds. It's insane!"		
5	:	"I bought this anker soundbuds after I broke my sensu wireless earbuds. It has been a 4 months since I have purchased this product and I am continuing to use it when i go to the gym and lift! Unfortunately, the mic is pretty big and it hits my face whenever I run on the treadmill. If you are a casual lifting enthusiast I definitely recommend purchasing this product. If you run alot, I recommend looking to another product for that."		
5	:	"These Anker Headphones works great.  I use them daily for about 2 hours a day.  They have been holding up great while working out.Pros:-These hold up great in sweat-Eliminates outside noise so you only hear whatever your playing on it-Holds great in your ear, especially if you're running-Price is excellent-Great quality build from Anker-Anker company is great on warranty.  Answers questions in less than 24 hours.Cons:-None"		
3	:	"Sound quality is great with these, the fit is great, comparable to Powerbeats.Anker calls these ""waterproof"", but I beg to differ. These have been used strictly for working out, have never been exposed to water, only sweat, yet both pairs have died with <6 months of use. I contacted Anker after the first pair died and Anker sent me a new pair, free of charge. ~3 months after I received the new pair, I started seeing issues with the replacement pair (battery life was no where near 12.5 hrs [I can get about 3 hours out of these before they die and need to be charged]). In addition to that, there is sometimes a high pitched static noise that comes from the right channel. I'm guessing something on the board is damaged, and again, this makes me think that these are not as waterproof as Anker thinks.There is the possibility that I somehow managed to receive two defective units, and my time with these earbuds was great, hence the 3 star rating. I suppose we'll see if they release a Soundbuds Curve+ in the near future that would make me believe they found issues with the OG Curve."		
5	:	"Gotta cram these things in your ear and get an air tight seal to get the full effect, but the bass is good as well as the sound quality. They are surprisingly comfortable though and come with several different silicone ear pads for whatever style you prefer. The battery lasts about 6 hours of constant talking/listening to music. One reason i got these is normal earbuds don't sit in my ear very well, but these are perfect. Haven't had any complaints about not being able to hear me speak, so I guess the mic works well."		
2	:	"Paired with a final generation iPod Nano that I wore on my forearm and the bluetooth  would come and go on me when there were lots of people.  I don't know if apple bluetooth isn't great or anker bluetooth wasn't, but my experience wasn't fabulous.  I lived with this behavior and was mostly satisfied, however my Sept 2017 purchased earbuds failed completely on Dec 2, 2018.  I never let them completely discharge and I only used them for the gym, but I noticed sound skipping forward and replaying of the last 15 seconds over and over again, so I assume it is a circuit board issue.  I thought I'd get more than 15 months out of a product that I used 2-4 times per week, but maybe that is now the norm.  I'm not complaining, but Anker's cables set my expectations way higher for an Anker branded product.  I associated Anker with quality.  I see there is now a new model, but this model isn't my favorite Anker product."		
1	:	"Would have rated at least a 4.5 for working exactly as expected until last week, they would not power on or charge. I tried multiple known good micro usb cables and nothing.  These headphones were great but only lasted 4 months.  :(Edit: 12 Feb 18 I was contacted by an Anker rep via email around 18 Dec 17 for my shipping address as they apologized stating they would send me a replacement set...as of this edit...no replacement soundbuds have been arrived via snail mail."		
1	:	DON'T BUY! NOT SWEAT RESISTANT!! USED THEM AFTER THREE TIMES THEY QUIT!!! TRIED TO CONTACT SELLER NO COMMUNICATION BACK DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY ON THIS GARBAGE!!!		
5	:	"I have TINY ears, and these fit. They will not go inside your ear canal but they stay on and never fall off. I have done sprints, jogging, floor exercises, lifting, and even cleaning the house with these on and they never budge. Soft, silicone rubber makes them very comfy. Sound quality is not like Bose or Dre Beats, but hey, for $30 i'll take it. The sound has never crackled or distorted. Also, they come with a TON of fittings so just keep that in mind."		
2	:	"Writing this review is tough for me. I have Anker brand charging cables and a battery bank that I absolutely love. These headphones are a letdown. While the sound quality coming out of these is good, it's nowhere near stable. Turning my head side to side or looking down causes the song to be interrupted by staticky breaks until I return my head to a forward position. The static gets even worse when I have the volume up in noisier areas like the gym or while I'm walking downtown. The amount of breaks in the music makes these almost unusable.A couple key elements win these headphones a second star for my rating. The sound quality in these is great. The battery lasts a long time. The neck cord is a good length and doesn't move too much while I'm jogging or exercising. All that aside, the major song interruptions have caused me to look for another set of headphones."		
4	:	"I wish the earhooks were adjustable, and I wish they were more waterproof, and I don't like the idea of removable parts, but wow great sound quality and more comfortable than any earbuds I have ever used.  They stay in, feel good, and sound good.  They are a little too bulky to wear to sleep which is why I got them, but they will still be good for phone calls and daily music.  The instructions say not to wear them in the rain so that is a bummer since I live in the rainforest."		
5	:	"This is my second purchase of these headphones after my first pair was stolen with my personal backpack. I???ll always stand by Anker products and the sound buds curve line is phenomenal. I can???t believe the sound quality and attention to detail. The battery life is insane, the case and accessories are top notch and the weather proofing works. If you???re in need of good quality sounding headphones better than Powerbeats but with proper eq response and full range audio and like to get the most bang for your buck, look no further."		
4	:	Really affordable bluetooth earbuds. Anker makes really good reliable products and these are no exception. The battery life is really good on these and most importantly they're great for using for working out without the worry of them getting damaged from sweat! Had some Beats Powerbeats 2's that fizzed out after only 10 months of use. Those are definitely not water resistant. These are. Save money and frustration and get these Anker Soundbuds!		
2	:	"I am on my second pair of these.  The first set lasted  less than a month before they would stopped recharging.  An Anker Rep saw my review and contacted me and arraigned for me to get a replacement, which was quite surprised and pleased about., now my  second pair which probably have about 4 months of use has died,  the battery went dead and wont recharge.  I guess you get what you pay for,  will look for a replacement set"		
2	:	Overall quality of the physical soundbuds are excellent. I found the fit of the hoop around my ears to be very good and the earbuds fit into my ear canals just fine. The Bluetooth controls are easy to use. But sound quality would be for listening to spoken word like audio books or podcasts. Bass reproduction was seriously lacking. So listening to music was not a joy at all		
3	:	"UPDATE: Anker sent me a new pair and so far they are wokring GREAT. I also looked at other models and it seems that most bluetooth earbuds have a fairly high failure rate. At least these are good, inexpensive, and Anker is very helpful. I'll update this review in a few months and let you know if they are holding up.I hesitate to give this one star because these things are awesome, until they stop working. For about 2-3 months they worked great. MUCH better than some more expensive models, good battery life, ok sound, solid for working out. Then one day the buttons stopped responding and it doesn't turn on. I don't even get a light when I charge it. I tried different cables and different charging sources. Nothing works. Maybe I just got a bad pair. That is bound to happen to someone."		
5	:	"Great build, best noise isolation ever, allows you to play with lower volume and still hear all the details of the song, really good mic. The audio quality is not better than the Mpow Flame, but those aren't as good as these for biking as these ones isolate the wind noise muuuch better. You will need to equalize your device to make them sound well, but the range from bass to trebble is good."		
1	:	"I LOVED these for the first day I had them, the sound was great, they fit my ears well, and the clip case was a nice touch. However the next day they stopped working and wouldn't turn on, even after leaving them plugged in for the day, the light continued to stay red. I had a few people take a look to see if i maybe it was just me, or my bluetooth, but the verdict was all the same on any device tried and anyone who tried to fidget with them. Ended up sending them back and getting a different pair."		
4	:	"**Anker reached out to me after this review and offered a replacement set at no cost to me. The new set works as expected, and I'm a happy Anker customer!**Really disappointed here. I love Anker, and own several of their products. I purchased these back in September of 2017. Within a month, the microphone stopped working, so I couldn't use the headset for phone calls. I chalked it up to a poor build, and continued using it to listen to music. Now, the earpiece broke. So, I'm giving up on these. When they worked, the sound quality was great and I found myself using these over my bulky Bose QC25s. Now I'm going to have to go buy something else."		
5	:	"Waiting for a replacement but I am giving it a Five star review for quality, excellence in craftsmanship, and I gave up my Beats because Beats III too bulky and hurts my ears Anker fist just right, hey Anker waiting for a replacement. 12.5 hour battery liffe for 25 bucks compare to Beats 12 hour battery life $199 something gotta give here and Anker Delivers."		
2	:	"At first... I was very pleasantly surprised, even convinced a couple of friends to purchase.  These don???t get quite as loud or quite as much bass as the Beats brand ???powerbeats???, but for the $30 I got them for, they not only surpassed my hopes and expectations, they truly seemed too good to be true....four months later, I realize they were.  They no longer charge/can no longer by used/are being taken to be recycled.  Four months.  And I didn???t use them day in and day out, I only used them when I worked out.  Based on this, not only can I no longer recommend, but by simply being honest, I???m sure I???ll be turning people off to purchasing these.Sorry, Anker.  Was nice while it lasted, but I should not have to replace earbuds after 4 months.****UPDATE**** Anker does get ?????????????????????????????? for customer service.  They heard about my experience, and shipped me a replacement pair 100% free of charge."		
2	:	"I bought one and it worked great so I decided to get one for my wife. After receiving it and connecting it to her phone I noticed a buzzing sound when she was talking to me. I traded my good pair for her pair thinking it might be her phone. Nope...it was a horrible sound. I contacted AnkerDirect and they sent a replacement and I sent the other back. Lo and Behold, the replacement did the same thing. I tested them on different phones but the buzzing was intolerable. I'm sending them back and asking for a refund and try something different. I gave it two stars because my original pair works flawlessly and customer service was great. Other than that..buyer beware."		
5	:	"Pros: These headphones are small, very lightweight, fit surprisingly securely on the ears, have considerable battery life, and have good sound quality. There is no neckband to bounce around during exercise, which is great.Cons: The cable is somewhat grippy so if left loose, it can cause minor annoyance by rubbing on clothes or skin when you turn your head (I remedied this by using the included clip to secure the cable to my hat as I run).Overall, these are excellent headphones for a surprisingly low price.Added note: After a couple weeks, I began to experience issues with the right headphone, and it subsequently stopped working altogether. However, I contacted customer service through Amazon and was quickly and efficiently provided with a replacement pair."		
5	:	If would have cost twice as much no one would complain i believe.Sound is quite good quite balanced and clean no distortions. Also in calls does the job. Do not expect high end studio headphones performamce though. I would say they have excellent sound for mid range headphones.Bluetooth reception is really great even from considerable distance. Also pair super quickly.Quite comfortable fitRemote works fineIsolation of outside noise quite good but not completeWith the super nice case and all the different foam sizes and them being water resistant I consider these a steal		
2	:	Great headphones! Used them to while working out alot. Tried using them for phone calls but people on the other end said it was hard to hear me.  Then two weeks ago they stopped powering on.  Even after charging for a day with multiple different chargers it still wouldn't power on.They are under warranty so Anker did replace them but I have little hope that these will last very long. And then of course when the warranty is up Anker will no longer replace them so I will be SOL. Great short term wireless earbuds		
5	:	"This is a great pair of wireless earbuds. The sound is fantastic for the price, it works with iOS very well (Siri function), and battery lasts all day???sometimes more depending on the use.The only thing that I would mention is that I had an issue with the glued ear pieces coming off after about 8 months of use. But they have a great warranty and quick customer service so I quickly received a new pair without any hassle or charge and it???s working just fine.The defect could???ve been specific to that unit I received. Every company has some defective units here and there but not every company stands behind their product as well as Anker does. Trust is the key.If I were looking for Bluetooth earbuds I???d definitely go for these or whatever updated version of them are available (Bluetooth 5.0 version as of 2018)."		
4	:	"I like this product very much. However, after about 6 months of use, the earbuds would not turn on except when they were connected to power. They also would not connect to any of my devices.  I contacted Anker and they responded promptly with some suggestions on how to resolve the problem.  When none of that worked, they sent me out a new set which I received in 3-4 days.  The second set is working great so far.  Anker's customer service was prompt, courteous and easy to work with."		
5	:	"Just got the pair. They are so light that you barely even notice them, these also stay in my ears, and the fit is pretty sturdy. I prefer the more minimalist earphones that sit in the ear. These feel like they would be good for a workout.Amazing sound! The sound is clear and loud. Great for rocking out.Easy setup and quick start! Open Bluetooth on my iPhone 7, click SoundBuds Curve and it connects immediately.In short, I like it very much. I am going to buy more for my family."		
3	:	I bought this ear buds because i wanted earbuds with bluetooth i tried anker before in power banks but as far as earbuds the audio quality is disappointing so let???s talk about the pros and cons.Pros.1) bluetooth earbuds2) for those who like high bass the bass is too highCons.1)  meduim and high frequencies are not good2) when you raise up the volume you listen to some  noise in the music it???s not very clear but it you can hear it .I didn???t test the durability yet but overall it???s good if you listen to a lot of high bass music but i didn???t like the sound . Good for low budgets		
5	:	"Hi, I love Anker, have many of its products.  And I agree with all the 5 star ratings and comments before my review, no complains.  All have been said in previous reviews, meaning the one that rated this product 5 stars.  Anker, you hit it out of the park with this one, well done one more time.If you use this headphones, with a good application like Poweramp, set it up properly and use the equalizer, bass and treble, you will be in heaven.All said.Note:  it is loud, just use volume of your phone and the earbuds."		
2	:	"I have to preface that I love Anker products and their consistent offering of high-quality, cost-competitive products really resonate with me. I have numerous products from this company -- ranging from speakers to wires -- and I love all of them.That said, I received the SoundBuds Curve and have to say this was the first letdown from Anker. The sound quality is subpar and when I use it to workout/running, I can hear every single step I take. While I really appreciate the Curve's build as it's well made, audio quality does not seem up to par even to cheap xiaomi and OEM headphones such as my S8's.I will continue buying Anker products but this one was a real bummer for me..."		
5	:	Great product. Love not having the cord attached to my phone all the time now. Battery life is great! I listen to them for music and use them as a hands free device for my phone and get several days between charges. Probably average 4-6 hours a day with all the uses I use them for.		
5	:	"I???m not an audiophile, so will not go there. BUT, for my purposes, gym use and watching movies on airplanes...well these are perfect. They pair quickly and effortlessly with both my iPhone and iPad, couldn???t be happier."		
4	:	"It is not bad, sound quality about the same as the Over Price Beats, battery is decent, but I havent pay attention to really have a log or record  of how many hours, but at least 6hrs at the gym.Cons: Came with missing Ear Tips. The bigger ear tips and The smallest Ear Tips were missing, That is why I took one star off, So far I am comfortable with the remaining Ear tips. However, I would have loved to try the missing smaller Ear Tip.I bought Temper Screen Glass for my iphone from anker before and they are good quality, I decided to try their wireless headphones, and they are by far the best ones for my needs and price, too many junk Bluetooth wireless headphones out there, I missed my cord headphones for good quality sound but cellphones trends are stupid these days no headphone jack...... I will try to one day fully charged the headphones and let you guys know the real estimate duration time of the battery."		
2	:	"I'll echo others reviews in that I trust Anker for electronics and was sorely disappointed in these. Even considering cost, these are not worthwhile. I had owned two pairs of the Phaiser BHS-730 and wanted something that didn't stick horizontally out of my head. After using these Ankers, I'd switch back in a heartbeat. The BHS-730 are the same price, have remarkably better sound quality, and can skip songs from the in-line audio controls.I'll likely bite the bullet and get AirPods at this point."		
4	:	"These headphones are a trade between cost and sound fidelity.  They are incredibly affordable for Bluetooth headphones yet reproduce sounds with average fidelity, resulting in a surprisingly good sound with some distortion on the lower end.  If you???re looking to cut the cord at an affordable price, especially in an environment where high fidelity is optional, I recommend these headphones.  Myself, I purchased my Anker Soundbuds for running, as my over-the-ear Bose were too bulky and hot.  Some reviews stated a limited range, however I could get 10 m (30 ft) of separation between my iPad and Soundbuds without dropout.  Pairing (and repairing) was easy as well."		
5	:	Hermosa presentaci??n. Viene absolutamente todo lo necesario para los auriculares. Me impresion?? bastante como presentaron en la caja. Tanto tiempo busqu?? unos auriculares que suenen muy bien y que no sean extremadamente caros. Me encanta hacer ejercicios con m??sica y esta es la mejor opci??n del mercado.Tuve malas experiencias con JBL e25bt y con Philips que no recuerdo el modelo.Espero que con esta marca no sea lo mismo y que pueda resistir la prueba del tiempo.		
1	:	"I was happy with these headphones for the first couple months. Then they stopped charging. I contacted the seller, Anker, who was great to work with and very courteous. They asked me if I would send back the originals and try another set to which I agreed. The second pair of headphones did the exact same thing (stopped charging after several weeks.) Anker again was very courteous and agreed to refund the cost of the headphones to me. I ended up buying another manufacturer.  The company was great! It's just a shame the product was not."		
2	:	"These are good headphones.... when they work. I've had 3 pair. The original set, which just stopped working after a couple weeks of usage. On positive side, Anker replaced that set, although I had to pay return postage. I also bought a 3rd set as a spare.The replacement set Anker sent to me worked great for a month, then the right earbud gave out and stopped working.So I then used the 3rd pair I had in spare, and that set worked for less than a week and just stopped working. Can't recharge it, nothing.It may be these units just can't handle my workouts. I go hard for 2 hours and I do sweat. But in any case they haven't been up to the task for me personally. So I can't recommend these headphones."		
4	:	Great earbuds. Good sound quality. Comes with many different fittings for the buds. One star less because theres a break sometimes of less than one second every few minutes when listening to music. But overall great quality and value!		
5	:	"Fantastic headphones. I bought these originally as a gift for a friend and loved them so much I bought a pair for myself. They have a long battery life and good sound. Even my boyfriend who is picky about his headphones liked these. The mic works pretty well, I use these in my car to talk to people while driving (I know, slap my hand) and it doesn't pick up on too much road noise which has been a problem in the past. They are comfortable for long periods at a time and easy to set up and use."		
4	:	"Unfortunately I have returned these. I did not like the ear hooks at all and the controls are too close to my ear. The sound quality is good for an inexpensive set of earbuds.As far as noise cancelling, I didn???t think it was very good. I can still hear the gym noise or the TV. I really don???t think many of these really cancel noise. I think you probably have to get the kind that cover your ear.Overall if you have no problem with the earhooks or the control position they are a good buy for the money."		
4	:	"I purchased these headphones 1 year ago, and they worked great. Then they stopped recharging fully.After making 1 phone call to Anker Customer Support, they agreed to send me a set of headphones, without having to send the old ones back. The warrantee  is 18 months on most of their products including this one, which is unheard of with electronics.  Their claim to a hassle free return policy is truly remarkable.  I did ask if the replacement pair has the same 18 month warrantee, but it only applies to the original set."		
2	:	"Anker support is great, but I burned through two different pairs within a month before they offered me a refund. In terms of features and sound quality, I wanted to like these ear buds because they sounded decent enough for workouts, paired quickly and consistently, and had good battery life. However, they absolutely cannot take any serious amount of sweat. The first pair bonked out after a few weeks and the charge/pair light was stuck on a purple (it's normally either red - charging, or blue - paired) and couldn't be picked up by any bluetooth device. Anker support was great and very quickly got me a second pair (without requiring the I send the originals back). Unfortunately, that pair lasted about two weeks as well before it totally shut off and wouldn't light up at all. I was using these on 20 mile runs so they were being subjected to pretty consistent sweat, but never submerged or anything like that. Whatever waterproofing is done with these is fairly surface level and insufficient for heavy workout use."		
3	:	"Headphones themselves are good. Obviously not the top level sound quality you'd expect from other brands, but for the price, it is reasonable and convenient. They stay in place for the most part during light-medium runs and lifting at the gym, but frequently pop out when doing strenuous lifting or sprints. This also may be because I don't use the perfect earbud size and the hook in the back to keep it in place. They have decent connection range and are relatively water/sweat proof. They look nice and usually stay out of the way when working out, and are good at blocking noise.However, I've used them for about a month and they are already refusing to turn on and connect to my phone. Have called Anker, and I might get a free replacement, but that definitely is a negative. Apart from that, these are serviceable head phones that work well in the gym and during workouts, but I would prefer other headphones for regular use, if sound quality is a huge thing you look for."		
5	:	"For $26 you can't beat them. The only 'gripe' is that the wire can have microphonics from light tapping. Other than that, the AptX is working perfect on Android X and with my music apps set to Hi-Fi and 320kbps on another music sounds great. AptX is the sole reason I bought these. Make sure you open developer tools to see your codec information."		
4	:	These are the first bluetooth headphones I have used so I can't compare them to anything other than the wired earbuds I have used. I use them primarily while running and they work very well for that. The sound quality is not what I would call great but it is very good. With the larger ear cushions the bass response was very good but I am sacrificing a little of the low end sounds by wearing the smaller of the provided ear cushions so that outside noises aren't muffled as much while running outside. They pair easily with my iPhone 7+ and my LG G6 and stay paired. They have great volume. I don't know if I'm getting a full 12 hours of use per charge but I wore them during a 6 hour race streaming Pandora from my LG G6 the whole time. The SoundBuds were still going strong at the end although my phone was just about dead. About the only thing I can complain about it the control that hangs down from the right ear. Because it's the heaviest part of the wire that connects each side the wire tends to hang toward the right side. Not a big deal but I do find myself trying to straighten it out during a run.		
3	:	"Bluetooth buds have come a long way in just a few years. The sound quality and build quality are pretty good for the price. However, I was not able to deal with the way the cord between the two earbuds was non-weighted and just kind of flopped around a lot. Even with the included clip I couldn't get them to stay put where they were comfortable.I ended up going with a different brand that had a weighted neckband that easily rested on my neck under my shirt."		
3	:	"Review Update: Anker customer service reached out to me and had a couple suggestions about using the provided clip and wire guide.  This helped a little bit with my issue.  Overall, the customer service was beyond what I would have expected and I would not hesitate to purchase another product from them.___________Pros: Fit and sound are excellent, battery has yet to even need a recharge, and bluetooth range is impressive.  I can leave my phone on a shelf and workout all over the gym with no loss in signal.Con: Control buttons are heavy enough that they cause the right earpiece to come out when running and swing around to the point where it is annoying.  Buffeting noise from high wind is very noticeable when outdoors as well.I missed the return window so I guess I'm stuck with the annoyance of the swinging buttons..."		
1	:	"I really liked these headphones the first 3 weeks I had them - until they quit working.  I took them to the gym, and after working out for 45 minutes, they quit.  Wouldn't turn on, and none of the lights would turn on or blink either.  I figured they ran out of battery, although that seemed odd as I had just charged them the day before, and these reportedly have a 12 hour battery life.  When I got home I plugged them back in to charge, and eventually they turned back on and seemed to work fine.  Well that lasted for about a week.  After fully charging them, I used these Monday for about an hour and made sure they were turned off when I was done.  Fast forward to Thursday morning, and when I get to the gym - Nothing.  So either they have died or the battery is just too unreliable to be trusted.Follow-Up : now it???s completely dead; won???t turn on or charge.  Lasted about a month and maybe a dozen 1 hour uses - spend your money elsewhere"		
5	:	"Superb for the money.I paired the headset to my Samsung s8Started Playing Spotify music,As soon as the music started I got wide eyed looking around the room,I thought I was listening to my stereo speakers in my house,Excellent clarity ,sound,and fit.Outstanding"		
5	:	I finally found bluetooth buds that dont have a blinking blue light that lights up the entire bedroom when I listen at night. You can listen to these in the dark and there are no lights or blinking lights. Finally!		
5	:	"I had a pair of Beats wireless headphones which I used every day. I lost them recently however so I was in the market for a replacement. Based on the reviews on Lifehacker, I decided to give these Anker wireless headphones a chance. For context, I am very picky when it comes to sound quality and fit. I have bought a couple of other off-brands wireless headphones in the past and been disappointed. Not with these Ankers though. The sound quality is excellent. It has a premium rich sound to it and fantastic bass. The fit was excellent as well as it has a secondary rubber piece which essentially seals the piece to your ear and helps the sound become more rich. This will sound like hyperbole but sound-wise and fit-wise, these are very comparable, if not, better than my Beats. I will never buy over-priced Beats again now that I have these Ankers. Excellent value for the price. If you are an audiophile like me, you will really appreciate the effort Anker put in designing these headphones. Highly recommended."		
5	:	"I ordered one and was using it for well over 6 months with no issues. Then it stopped charging one day and I called up customer service. Oh boy, Are they good or what? They were so prompt in responding back,sending me a replacement AND following up 3 times to make sure that the new ones were working fine. Absolutely fantastic. The replacement is working just fine for the last 3 months. Will certainly buy this product again and recommend. Sound quality is great, easy to connect and battery life is great. Perfect for gym."		
1	:	"My wife has a pair and never really had an issue. She has used them for 2 marathons and multiple long runs. Mine decided to die after a week of use. They will not even charge. I suspect my sweat was an issue even though they are advertised as water and sweat proof. I believe the issue is the charging port. The rubber plug to block the port is low quality and will not stay seated properly.  I was not able to test the battery life due to them not working. The sound quality is not as good as Beats, but it is not that bad. The charging port / controls flops around while running. It takes a little getting used to. I tried putting the cord behind my head, but it made it to where the cord would pull while turning your head.  I am sending them back and contacting Anker for a replacement."		
4	:	"Since the initial review, anker has sent me a replacement. I am satisfied both with their customer service as well as the product. I initially thought that I had made a good purchase based on the price. I have always loved Anker products but these have fallen apart in three weeks.??????"		
5	:	"I bought these headphones ~6 months ago and they have been working great! I love the sound quality and the battery life is great. Unfortunately, I was taking them off/out of my ears the other day and the earbud piece separated from the rest of the unit. I emailed Anker hoping for the best &&& .......... They said no problem! I had a new pair of headphones in the mail in three days. Great products and great customer service! (I also recommend the braided micro usb cords and the 10000ma power bank!)"		
1	:	"Purchased in early April.  Dead as a doornail in early June.  My wife used them about a dozen times to go running.  Now they don't charge or respond to the power button.  They appear to be in perfect shape, they simply don't work.  A complete waste of money.  C'mon Anker, you're better than this.Update:  Anker has sent a replacement set.  So far so good.  Whether or not they hold up over the long term will be addressed and I'll update as appropriate.  Adding 2 stars for customer support, but questions remain about long term reliability.Update 2:  And the second set crapped out on the 3rd use.  So much for being water/sweat resistant.  Back down to a single star."		
5	:	"I bought these to replace my slightly bulkier TaoTronics Bluetooth earbuds. While these are a great feel, lightweight and built well like all Anker products I was disappointed in the audio quality. Perhaps the drivers are smaller than the TaoTronics or Anker haa less expertise in the game of cheaper Bluetooth earbuds. I'm going to return these in hopes the [upgraded] Anker earbuds are worth the price and sound quality matches or exceeds my TaoTronics. I love the Anker Brand but these aren't cutting it for me.(Update)This is months old but I thought I should share. Although the sound quality wasn't up to my standards I was blown away at the customer service. They really wanted me to have a great experience and I have to say they earn 5 stars just for that. I was offered a refund without any fuss of any sort and they made sure I was satisfied.I still love the Anker brand and will always to them for quality products."		
5	:	"Best bang for your buck earphones.Coming from a person w/ a keen ear, the quality of these earphones are great. Everything is really balanced (bass, mids, treble), (not flat... balanced) and has great dynamics to them.Now, when it comes to working out these are quite literally the best wireless earphones I've come across. One, because the wire and control block don't weigh the earphones down at all, enabling them to stay in place in the ears when lifting. (squat, bench, deadlift etc.)These earphones also pair really easily and come w/ a bunch of accessory stuff that you'll see in the other reviews. The thing that drew me to this product, after looking for a good pair of wireless earphones was the YouTube video from Rizknows title ""Best Workout Headphones of 2018"" and this was on that list and now I see why. Cannot recommend this product enough. (Also for those that care, yes the bass bumps not overbearing though, when I first heard music through the earphones they reminded me of actual stereo speakers for your ears). Kudos, Anker!"		
2	:	"Product lasted two months, not even particularly heavy use.  Fully charged (blue light) but won't turn on, won't pair, nothing.  Piece of junk.Updated March 2018:  After seeing this review, the company sent me a new set.  Those worked for a few weeks.  Then a third set.  I received that one around the end of December 2017.  Guess what -- dead again.  Do not waste your time or money.  Yes, they send you new ones after you complain, but I'd sort of prefer to have something that just worked.  I know, crazy, right?"		
5	:	"My first one suddenly stopped and Anker honored their 18month warranty extremely quickly and shipped me out a new one within 24 hours of contacting them. Sound quality is on par with bluetooth models that cost 3x the price of this. The lows mids and highs are all clear and present, maintains connection with source upwards of 60 feet, and the material is of a quality rubber feel. The best part is there is a little dust protection insert that covers the charging hole when not in use. Very nice headhpone"		
4	:	"I'm on my third pair for the price of one. I don't abuse them intentionally, but I wear them to work out a few times a week and sweat like crazy when I do. Perhaps that's why they break on me every six months or so. Whatever the reason, that's obnoxious and doesn't speak very well of the quality, which otherwise appears and sounds damn good for the price. On the other hand, both times it's happened, customer service was friendly and prompt in replacing them at no charge to me, leaving me with a pretty good impression overall."		
5	:	I have ordered a bunch of earbuds trying to fine a low cost descent sounding set. I am a music junky and own a full array of high end iem's and headphones. But I have been searching for a set to use at the gym and when cycling. Most of the cheap sets that I have tried either have way to much bass and no top end or mids or vise versa. I think Anker has found an acceptable balance for the price point. If you are looking not to spend a lot of cash for a set of buds for the gym. These will fit the bill.		
5	:	"I ordered these headphones about a year ago. The sound quality and battery life stood out right away. The headphones are shipped with a collection of ear tips so that you'd customize them to your ear. They fit snug and felt way more secure in my ear (and louder) that my Powerbeats 2 (which cost more than 4 times as much).I have a full size on ear set of headphones for travel, but I found myself choosing Anker SoundBuds for short trips are they are way smaller and low profile.After approx. a complete year of use, the left headphone stopped working, I contacted Anker and they honored their 18 months warranty immediately and sent out another pair.The combination of product quality, value for money and Anker customer service is really exceptional.You cannot go wrong with these!"		
5	:	"I'm not an audiophile, so I have know idea if this sounds just as good as a $400 pair of headphones, but this headphone is everything I was looking for. It's a strong bluetooth that has over 12 hours of battery life, it doesn't slip off when I'm on the treadmill, and it's comfortable to wear for more than an hour. Also, it has a microphone built in. All for under $30. Plus it's lightweight and very portable. Why would I want anything else?"		
1	:	"These worked fine and sounded good right up until they stopped turning on. They broke after about 3 months, so I'd recommend looking elsewhere.EDIT 2018-02-20: Anker contacted me and replaced the product and the replacement has been working fine for a few weeks.EDIT 2018-06-04: The replacement just failed in the same fashion as the first product, again after about 3 months. I use them for running and working out, so perhaps they don't deal with sweat well?"		
5	:	"Paired easily to an iPhone, and decent sound quality (certainly very good for the price, and if you use these for athletic activities, you don't want to spend a lot for something that might get beat up).  Have always prefer the over-the-ear loop mount, and especially for athletics.  Great little carry case with a mini-carabiner to loop onto your bag, and they provide a whole bunch of alternative ear buds so you can get a perfect fit."		
5	:	"I have tried so many headphones looking for one with good range, waterproof, good sound quality and where the other party can hear me consistently.  Finally found one and they are holding up - I have had this pair for several months and literally use them all day every day.  They also stay on your neck well when you are running around not listening to them and they stay in our ear even when working out, upside down etc."		
5	:	"These are incredible for what you pay. Comfortable, cord is just long enough, and they stay in place when I'm running. Sound quality is good - not amazing. But I wasn't expecting much for the price so I can say I was pleasantly surprised when I put them in my ears.The carrying case and the huge array of ear pieces was an added bonus - not something I expected from headphones priced like these ones.Just another fantastic Anker product. This is why I keep coming back!"		
5	:	"These are great! Charge does last the 12+ hours as advertised. Clear, clean sound. I thought the over the ear part would bother me and I cant even tell its there. Every other brand I have purchased only stayed charged for 2-3 hours. I use them at work everyday and even 25+ feet from my phone, the sound doesn't crack at all. No complaints while talking on the phone either. No one even noticed I was using a mic/earbuds. Did have an issue with the first pair in that the dust cover for the charging port wouldn't stay closed, but the cust serv at Anker sent me out a new set, no questions asked and were VERY nice!"		
5	:	"I was in the market for bluetooth headphones, but not ready to commit to Powerbeats 3 due to the price. These are an excellent alternative, and come with several earbud adapters to ensure a proper fit. The sound quality was much better than I expected, and the battery life (while not as long as the Powerbeats) is enough to get me through 2-3 consecutive days of running without need for a charge. My only drawback is that the earpieces are very flexible (not rigid) and while comfortable, they don't always offer a tight grip of the earbuds.  It was an easy adjustment to push the buds into my canal, however and they generally stayed put for a 30 minute run.  Extremely pleased with this product, and will probably buy an additional set, as opposed to the Powerbeats."		
5	:	"Wow....I???m a avid gym goer searching for the right pair of Bluetooth ear buds and I wear glasses. I???ve tried several different pairs, ME Audio which I still use, Gripped Fitness, Skull Candy and I have to say that Anker knocked it out of the park....$30!!! Sound quality exceptional, quality superb!!! You can???t go wrong with these at all plus look at everything that comes with them....Anker, standing ovation!!! I???ll be hitting the gym on February 14th for a test run and I will come back for another review of how functional they are...thanks."		
4	:	"These charge super fast and last through at least a week of workouts! The sound is pretty good, not as good as higher end earbuds, but better than comparable earbuds.They worked perfect for about 6-7 months, then one of the earbuds stopped working. I reached out to Anker to see about getting a replacement since they were still under warranty. The representative was friendly and responded quickly. They sent me a replacement pair within a few days!Customer service: 5 starsEarbuds overall: 4 stars"		
5	:	"Really happy with this set of headphones as well as Anker's customer service.  I had bought another pair of bluetooth headphones before this, and I was very happy with that pair but I needed to get a second pair.  Due to my great experience with Anker products in the past i decided to buy this set and i'm glad it did.  Though I loved the other headphones I bought, these are simply better. These are extremely comfortable and they have great sound quality.  I dont love having the controls on the wire, as I do find that the extra weight on that one side tends to result in the cable getting dragged to that side.  The little piece of rubber they provide to restrict the cable length isn't very useful either.  However, in the end I feel these are minor complaints for what I received.I'm also very happy with Anker's customer service.  Less than a week after i purchased the headphones they dropped 10 dollars in price.  I emailed anker and they quickly issued me a refund for the price difference."		
5	:	I love these headphones! I was skeptical that the battery would last 12.5 hours but it does!! I use these at work and I don't have to charge them everyday. I like the over the ear design which holds them in place as I can never get the ones that wedge into your ear to fit right and stay put. The sound quality is good as well. The only questionable thing about them is when you are charging them it is difficult to remove the port cover. I swings awkwardly and looks like it may break easily. My other sets did not have a cover so I guess when/if it breaks off it shouldn't effect it. Best $20 I ever spent!		
3	:	So after about 3 months or so the replacement pair they sent me stopped working after my original pair stopped working at around 3 months. So if you use these daily at the gym as I do. Expect to buy a new one every 3 months. Still better then beats I???ll give them that.Previous 5 star review (The customer service is great. I got a faulty wire that made the left earbud stop working and the company sent me a new one immediately. Great pair for working out or just ignoring a teacher during a lecture.)		
3	:	"I really do like these, but it is definitely not made to last. The sound quality is good as long as you stay within the same room as the phone, which is easy to pair (I've got a Samsung G7). It's lightweight and comfortable to wear though it can get a little tangled with long hair.Bought these in Jan 2018 and after 6 months of regular use, the right ear bud suddenly broke off. Emailed Anker customer support and they were awesome like others have said and quickly sent me a replacement set. Now only 5 months later, the same thing happened except this time it was a complete break including the wires. (See pictures). Not sure if I even want to try this model again."		
5	:	"I love these headphones and would highly recommend. My previous 3 pair were powerbeats wireless, which I don't see much of difference. The Bluetooth works great with my running watch and sound is very good. I use exclusively as my running headphones and currently own two pair. I did have an issue with one and their warranty service was easy and fast. Thank you for that. I would say buy 3 pair of these over 1 pair of powerbeats any time."		
5	:	"I ordered two of these, one set for me and one for my husband. Set up and syncing was very easy, and we both love the sound of the headphones. It is so nice not to be tethered by a wire to my phone while listening to music or a book. I'm very pleased with the battery life of the headphones as well."		
3	:	"I really liked these headphones. They are comfortable, and they stay in my ears. The sound quality is what you would expect from athletic type wileless earbuds. That being said, they sound good, but you would want to mix a recording with them. The battery life is as advertised and they easily connect Through Bluetooth to my iPhone 6s. I assume the mic quality is good, considering the few times I received a phone call while wearing them, I had no problem communicating. I left 3 stars because they stopped working after three months of light use."		
4	:	"I used them daily through the summer. I didn't have any issues with sound quality or volume fading, so I was really happy with them.And then they died about an hour after coming off a full charge. Another charge, then dead after about 40 minutes. Today: they won't charge.I can't give them one star because for a few months, they were really good. But, it was only for a few months.***Update, 10 October 18***After a few weeks/months - this timeline is on me, as Anker was great about trying to move the process along - of troubleshooting the old headphones, I was sent another set. So far, everything works well. I'll continue to update as the months move on regarding the product.Customer service has been fantastic throughout this process, so if there is an issue with the phones, I'd recommend getting in touch with them."		
4	:	"After getting frustrated by the third apple headphone that stopped working (one with cord, not bluetooth), I was looking for alternatives. I didn't want to dish out a lot of money, and wanted something reliable. I bought this based on the good reviews, and it's definitely better than expected. Sound quality is ok, and the battery life is ok too. Battery does get used up faster if you are having long phone calls, just FYI. Overall, good quality product for the price."		
5	:	"Battery life is good.  Sound is just fine.  The biggest thing is that the do not fall out of my ears.  The loop over the top makes all the difference when I am working out.  In the past, I would just have to give up on music for the 2nd half of my rowing machine workouts, because I was constantly shoving my headphones back in. Now I am good to go.  I trust the Anker name, too."		
5	:	i love these they are amazing they are better than all the earbuds ive tried in the 100 to 200 dollar range these 30 dollar earbuds beat all the others easy the battery life lasts 12 hours and they stay secure and very comfortable in the ears best earbuds ever DON'T FALL FOR THE 100 TO 200 DOLLAR PAIRS GO WITH THESE YOU WILL NOT BE DISSAPOINTED.		
4	:	Really like these headphones. Bought 3 for the family to use. One pair had one ear bud stop working. Submitted an issue to Anker and they were fast in responding and replacing the headphones. Just make sure you keep the little tag on the power cord - it is the serial number and you need it to submit a request.		
5	:	"I have purchased several Anker products (bluetooth speakers, earbuds, headphones, and cables) for myself and as gifts over the years. I have been satisfied with each purchase. They are well built products that work as advertised. I purchased these earbuds in November 2017. They are used mostly when running and the gym. Thy are great for physical activity. They sound great and stay in during workouts. Battery life has never been an issue. This week (July 2018) they stopped charging. Upon contacting Anker Customer Support, they honored the 18 month warranty with no hassle at all. Within 1 day they shipped a replacement pair of Curve earbuds. If you are considering these earbuds, I would recommend these or any of the other earbuds Anker (or Anker's Soundcore brand) offer."		
5	:	"Got these because my PowerBeats3 needed warranty service and wanted something to use in the meantime. Found out, these are almost as good as the PowerBeats3. Battery life is a little less and range is not as good. With that being said, the price makes this a great pick.Additionally, I do like the design of having the charging port/all controls on the middle connecting cable versus the PowerBeats3 and these are a little lighter too."		
5	:	Got this for my dad and he likes them. I had gotten him another brand before and they broke within months. These seem to be real good. Hope these last a while bc I don't want to contact their customer support since they wouldn't exchange another product that failed to do what it said it would.		
1	:	"I went on two runs with them and they stopped working part way through the second one.From the description ""Don???t Sweat It - Protective water-resistant shell and internal nano-coating keeps the tunes coming, whether you???re sweating buckets or running in the rain.""That statement is false. You can't expect that much from $25 headphones but you should at least expect them to be true to manufacturers description.They would be a fine pair of headphones if they worked as advertised."		
5	:	"I have taken the time to write this review, I have used these headphones for over two weeks. The Bluetooth connection is excellent, super fast. The battery has excellent performance. Very good sound, wraparound, with good bass. When using them when running do not fall. Totally recommended, they have nothing to envy to powerbeats, which tripled the price."		
5	:	"Had an issue with the first unit, contacted Anker, and they immediately addressed the issue. Can't say enough about the great service throughout.  Joy sent me a replacement immediately after I shipped the defective one back (with the prepaid return label they provided).  I was actually surprised by how good these sound based on cost; these are similar in quality to headphones more than twice the price.  Tested these for phone calls too and call clarity is excellent.  I don't really write reviews, but I felt inclined to share based on the quality of product and quality of service from Anker. Thanks for the assistance Joy!"		
5	:	"I love these headphones they are great for working out. I did have an issue of the buttons stopping working but I contacted Anker and within 5 days had a replacement pair no questions asked because I was still in warranty. definitely worth the price if you're willing to call if you need a replacement, I don't expect them to stop working agian, obviously, but if they do I'll just call anker again and get them replaced."		
5	:	These are packed with power. The sound quality is amazing. The fins and tips came in multiple sizes to give me the most comfortable fit. The foam tip is great at noise cancellation. It was also very easy to connect to Bluetooth. I highly recommend these. I have a few ANKER products and it is a great brand. The products are not the cheapest or the most expensive. They are worth the penny for such high quality.		
4	:	Update from my first review.  Anker customer service is the best I've seen of any Amazon seller.  They were very responsive to my problems with the failed pair and replaced them quickly then followed up to ensure I was happy.  This pair appears to have a slightly larger control section than the original so maybe an updated design.  Regardless this pair is functioning well and I'm very happy with them so far		
2	:	"The good: they fit relatively well, and stayed on my ears for things as vigorous as a run, which was great. They had volume that was good for the most part as well, and the wire didn't hang too low that it got in my way.The bad: I really wish they lasted longer. I haven't really used them in any way that would hurt them. I treated them well. For some reason though, the right ear bud doesn't make any sound any more. I hear better out of that ear, so it's a problem for me.The other thing is that they don't really muffle or block out noise well. So, I'd always have to listen to them louder than I probably should had.All together, they were decent, but I'm sad that they didn't last any longer."		
3	:	"These headphones are truly workout headphones only, simply because the lows/bass is really good if you listen to Hip Hop while working out.I was hoping these headphones would bring more to the table but the mids and highs are muffled and sound drowned out.It takes awhile for the headphones to respond when I am taping different songs on my iPhone.I would reccommend these to people who Jam out to bass heavy hip hop in the gym only eitherwise these are not that good."		
2	:	"My Soundbuds Curve stoped working while I was running on the trademill. I was using that not more than one month. I was very satisfied with its quality, clear sound, and battery life. But I also believe it's technology. This can also happen with 250$ bluetooth headphones. Therefore ,before I pour out my anger on amazon review i gently explained situation to anker customer support and I was surprised with their care and vivid decision. All you need is just providence of products full information they might ask you. And I was full refunded the money without returning the item back to them. Maybe because I did not order it from america but through freight forwarding to overseas. One great customer service cover's all the rest negatives."		
5	:	"I have several headphones, Beats, Neats, Samsung, Bestbuy breand or whatever. Somehow these buds fit, and are one of my favorites out of all of the ones I tried. I have slightly larger ears and for some reason or another the other brands would fall out. That was prett annoying until I purchased the Anker, ($20), I just can't beleive how nicely they fit and stayed into my ear with out a problem. I genreally go for long walks, hikes and evetually be using them for long bike rides. (not recommended for use in the streets while riding as they tend to block outside sounds). The sound quality is amazing, clear and precise. All I can say for the money it's a great deal and a nice pair of buds you will enjoy for a long time without ear fatigue."		
1	:	"I bought these knowing i was buying a cheap pair of headphones. I wanted them as a stop gap, my old ones broke down ( different brand). I was hoping for a decent working pair of headphones til I was ready to get a another good set. These have not lived up to my LOW $25 dollar standard. The sound quality is middling. The big problem are they disconnect randomly, and the microphone is HORRENDOUS i cant carry on a phone with these people complain about constant background noise. Even rubbing against my shirt was a constant annoyance to my wife. My advice steer clear, if you need a cheap or stop-gap pair like i did, get some refurbs from a brand you trust."		
5	:	"Ordered a pair of the Anker Soundbud Curve earbuds for the first time well over a year ago.Mainly, for the battery life and for the money.  They do have good sound.Comes with several size eartips, and a nice case to keep everything in.Since then, I have ordered several pair of these as gifts. Best thing is you can order in different colors. No mix ups as to who's who.Did have an issue with one pair, but the warranty dept at Anker was excellent to deal with and responsive.Just be sure to keep the ""SN"" number. It is something they ask for during warranty claims.I wouldn't hesitate to buy another pair of these or any of the other Anker brand products.I have bought other brands of bluetooth earbuds at different price ranges, but these by far are the better of them."		
5	:	"They arrived on time and were as described.  Charged them fully right out of the box then paired them with my laptop.  Had a few glitches getting them paired but that was mostly user error.  First time I used them I did not get anywhere near 12 hours of use, more like two hours.  I charged them again and that seem to fix the problem.  All in all a great pair of Bluetooth ear buds.  Only use and time will tell how they hold up."		
5	:	"Wow I usually only buy higher priced brands but I needed some head phones for biking in the winter.  I went with these as they have the volume on/off button on the wire and go over and around the ear.  Work great w/my iphone 7.  Stay in place very well, cant shake them off.  Build quality is really nice, lots of options for a proper fit.  Easy to charge with micro USB.  Recommend and if they break are easily replaced price wise.  Very happy."		
3	:	"Good functions and very nice design. But, it gets easily disrupted/disconnected even though I have my phone in my pocket. Furthermore, I don't like the sound it makes whenever your are connected to your phone but not playing any music. Lastly, I have to say I like that the earphone's battery life is shown in your phone.UPDATEAnker's costumer service reached out to me and provided me with a full refund which I believe is the proof of exceptional costumer care. Even though I was disappointed by this product I would not hesitate to try another of Anker's products."		
5	:	"I'm not an audiophile per se  but I like good kit like Bose and Sonos etc. These buds had just come out the day I was looking and I figured at the price point there was nothing to lose. Just like the previous anker products I've bought, these are really good. The sound level is good enough without going into bleed territory , the fit well and are very comfortable. Whats not to like at that price??"		
5	:	"I've had these headphones for about 8 months and I've been using them exclusively for phone calls and audiobooks since. Battery life has been great and I'm overall satisfied with the headphones. I had already recommended them to a couple of people as I think the battery life is among the highest in this price range. I usually only need to charge it around twice a week for my usage.Around 10 days ago the right speaker broke. I contacted Anker's customer support. They responded same day and asked me for the serial number and the invoice, and I received a new pair of headphones with the accessories included a week after my email, without having to send back my broken headphones. I'm impressed by their timely and awesome costumer support."		
5	:	"These headphone are actually, really good. I went for a run and they really held up. I don't write reviews but I have to say I was really skeptical as I got a discount from kinja deals. They're really light weight and the cord doesn't 'bounce' as you run (it's annoying). They fit felt almost natural, right out of the box. These sound just almost as good as my beats wireless 2. Why didn't I find these before a shelled out $120 for the same experience?"		
5	:	"Really, really good pair of sports earphone. Bought another one from Amazon a while back, but that doesn't hold charge even for an hour. This lasts around 8-9 hours on a single charge.The fit is pretty good as you get a lot of different sized rubber tips. The most important thing is, it stays in place. I use these for running and gym workouts. This is the best pair of sports earphones I've bought."		
5	:	Stopped working right after the return window... Anker Support team contacted me after my review and sent me headphones no questions asked. Anker stands behind their product and always has excellent support. I highly recommend Anker.		
4	:	This Bluetooth headset is awsome!!! I love the quality and im a fan of anker and their products. The sound quality is great and the the headset itself is very easy to use. The one thing im confused about is that on Amazon it says its WATER RESISTANT but the box for the buds says its WATER PROOF and then the saftey manual says not to submerge in water so i have to assume this earbud is water resistant and the packaging is misleading.		
5	:	Update - Anker came back with an improved version of the product. Gone is that nasty buzz that was failing an otherwise wonderful product. The music quality is fantastic. Battery life lives up to expectation. I am giving this baby a 5 star now.Great for listening music. Has the right balance. But it is awful for phone calls. The first set that I got had an annoying buzz whenever I would speak. Returned that and got myself another one. That one has the buzz as well and also a static background noise during a phone call. Looks like this is a persistent problem. Will be sending this one back too.		
4	:	"I've had these headphones for about 9 months and have been pleased with how good they sound considering how inexpensive they are.  The battery life has been excellent.  A few days ago after I charged the battery, I noticed that the red light stayed on even when the headphones were turned on (light should be blue) or when the headphones were turned off (no light should have been on).  Of course, this made the battery drain in just a few days even though I was not using them.  I called Anker customer service, talked to a live person within seconds, and within 2 minutes I was told that they were shipping me a new pair of headphones.  That was the quickest and most painless customer service experience I ever had.  I highly recommend Anker products!"		
5	:	"Since these earbuds arrived they have run 24/7 haven???t missed a beat,off only for charging twice a day. The sound ok to both music and talking.there light weight,comfortable comfortable fit and awesome run time,the function controls should be revisited.For the money and warranty you can???t beat it.can you tell I???m an Anker fan????"		
5	:	"I love mine. Sounds quality is great the bass is nice. Not the best but it???s there. The battery life is amazing, I get around 11-12hours of nonstop music. It fits prefect on my ears and I???m nonstop moving at work so I???m very happy.Also even without music these can just be used for ear plugs as well. It???s amazing how I cancels out noise. Doesn???t block 100% but ima say it blocks about 70% sound. So it work great around loud machinery."		
3	:	"Bought them to replace previously defective Anker soundbuds. Sound is good, they stay well in the ears during exercise.Worked well until they stopped working all of a sudden. A couple days ago, they went dead. I can???t turn them on again. Disappointed for a 6 month old product which I have taken good care of. I???m not in the market to buy headphones every 6 months. Not sure I will go again for these. Too bad since they were ok when they worked."		
4	:	"REVISED review.... original review is below. I had a problem and the Anker folks sent me another pair... very helpful and friendly.ORIGINAL review...they discharge when not being used, powered off... I have some backup headphones in my gym bag- motorola s305. The motos were not advertised as sweatproof (Ankers are advertised as such) but they have worked pretty well for a long period of time.... Sometimes need to dry out of they take on a ton of sweat. I am going to try to return these Ankers."		
1	:	"I'm pretty disappointed with this purchase.  They lasted about a month before the right headphone stopped working.  I couldn't get any sound out of it.  I contacted Anker and they sent me a replacement pair.  I fully charged this pair and headed out for a run.  During that first run, the headphones completely stopped working.  I figured maybe that the charge ran out and that it just needed to be plugged it.  Once I got back, I realized that the headphones would not even charge.  I contacted Anker again and they've given me multiple things to do again to prove that it is broken.  Then they figure that I should send it back.I'm so disappointed by this purchase.  I would never recommend anyone to buy these headphones as they obviously have some severe quality issues."		
1	:	"Headphones died 1 hour into first use. Would not accept a charge. Searched online, attempted hard reset, etc - all to no avail. Emailed Anker on 6/14 and heard nothing back. Ordered a 2nd pair since they were only $25 and I really liked the fit. 2nd pair failed within 3 weeks. Right earbud has a bunch of static now. Going to try to reach out to them on the 2nd pair, but if I don't hear back within 48 hours, I'll just return through Amazon. Unfortunate experience as I have had good luck with Anker in the past. Love the fit/concept of thee, but unfortunately they are very cheaply made, won't last, and customer service has been lacking. Will update after 48 hours has passed and report whether Anker responds to the review or the 2nd failure notice."		
5	:	"Hands down the best customer service for a tech company I have experienced to date!  Had an issue with a headphone and they sent me a replacement no questions asked.  I buy all my charger cables from these guys as well because they've last the longest.Quality of product is outstanding, sound quality is as good as my old beats headphones, super durable for exercise, and great battery life."		
5	:	"I have only had these for about a week so I can't speak to their longevity, however I have had a Bluetooth speaker from this company for about 2 years now and it's still going strong.These headphones have great sound, pretty bass-heavy which is fine since I only use them for working out.  To that end they also stay in place really well.  As long as the battery doesn't die in a year I'll leave this at 5 stars."		
5	:	"These are my first wireless earbuds. I typically won't spend more than $40 on earbuds of any kind, and I'm really enjoying these. I was not expecting this build and sound quality in a $30 pair of Bluetooth earbuds, so getting them on sale for $20 is just icing on the cake. Let's be real, you're not looking for audiophile-quality at this price point, but these satisfy my needs for good quality sound. A little bit bass-heavy, but not overwhelmingly so.I have earbud-friendly ear canals, and these fit perfectly for me right out of the box, and if it hadn't there is a LARGE selection of different sized tips. Very secure once in place, decent passive sound cancelling once you get a good seal, and music isn't audible to others around you even at high volume."		
3	:	"I have been using these for about 6 months. They work well enough - not mind blowing, but very good for exercise-oriented bluetooth earbuds. However, after 6 months of listening 2-3x per week, the left speaker is distorting and appears to have been partially blown out. I aways listed well below half volume, so this is rather disappointing. Anker usually stands by their products, so I am optimistic they will reach out, and I will amend my rating to reflect the quality of their service if given the opportunity."		
5	:	Finally found a set of BT headphones my wife will wear and she really likes them. They fit her comfortably and don't fall out while running.  Sound quality is decent and battery life is better than expected.  A great set of headphones.  Very happy.		
3	:	"This is a good product.  Not great, but good.  Fits ears well, convenient case, efficient charging wire, and decent sound.  But, I don???t sense ANY noise cancelling capability whatsoever...none.  Also, the volume control is near the ear bud itself so you must take them off to adjust.  So, consider these decent headphones without noise cancelling capabilities and then compare that against competitors.  Good, not great."		
4	:	"This was my first pair of bluetooth headphones and I bought them for running with music so a lot of the features spoke to me - water resistant, long battery life, comfort etc. My first pair I ordered worked well until the battery ran down and the charger wouldn't recharge properly. Once I got in touch with customer service, I recieved a new pair within just a few days which was great. New pair has been working perfectly and they are ideal for running."		
5	:	"Portable, long lasting battery, excellent audio quality (Volume could be louder), confortable wear, flexible and lightweight. Everything I'm looking for in Bluetooth earbuds. There's a small hiss when wearing them without sound, but it's not a big deal. Great price for what we're getting."		
3	:	The battery/controls on the right side are way too big and heavy to be hanging off one side like that. Too bad because otherwise this is a great product.		
4	:	"Great for the price. If you are looking at these you probably don't want to spend $100-200, why would you? These really aren't much worse than a $200 pair of Beats ear buds (of course they aren't quite equal).Pros: good battery, good sound, good bargain.Cons: volume/mic box pulls the wire to one side. The mic isn't smart and doesn't diminish ambient noise. With the wrong shoes I can hear my foot steps when exercising as if someone is tapping on my headphones, but I imagine that that is standard for earbuds that really seal the ears well.Overall I would recommend them to anyone who has the sense not to spend exorbitant amounts of money on ear buds which have a low sound quality ceiling anyway. I am looking forward to future Anker products."		
2	:	"In order to clean the earbuds of wax, I ended up breaking the wire mesh which is protecting the components which produce the sound.Poor design: that screen should be fixed, immovable, since periodic cleaning is necessary.Battery life is great. Controls work OK. Sound is fine for my use.Design? Needs some real-world input before manufacturing."		
5	:	"I've spent $10 on headphones/earbuds and I've spent $300 - These are some of the better bluetooth ones I've come across. Comfortable enough for reading and wearing to sleep on a long flight, yet durable enough to wear during powerlifting training (and I am a heavy sweater - yes, attractive, I know). Great product for the price and the 18 month warranty only bolsters the claim of quality"		
5	:	"Extremely happy with this purchase. I paid $200 for another brand's popular wireless earbuds which had to be replaced at a year because they completely broke down....6 months later...same issue. The quality and sound quality of these matches that model, if not beats it."		
1	:	"Stopped working, and I see the return window on Amazon just closed.  Overall not happy regardless.  Cheap construction--for example the flap to cover the charging port often would not stay closed--guessing that is why they stopped working.  Obviously only waterproof if that is closed."		
1	:	"The battery life is incredible, they feel hefty and good quality, they seem to be sweat proof so far, but this is the most unstable bluetooth connection I have ever experienced. The connection drops so often and when I actually do get it connected, I hear static every couple of seconds, it is so annoying! Plus amazon charges to ship them back. Honestly just save your $20 and get a better set of headphones. Its really unfortunate they don't work, the build quality is great and the battery life is unbeatable. I would like to speak to the seller about these headphones"		
4	:	"Ofiginal: I was initially impressed with the audio and sound quality of these headphones BUT NOT EVEN 4 months later with light to moderate use at the gym, the left ear piece stopped producing audio. Great headphones while they lasted.Revised: I changed my review from 1 star to five stars because Anker reached out to me to replace the item completely free of charge. Very much appreciated."		
5	:	"The product does what it promises. Very easy to connect to my phone, the connection is reliable, the sound quality is very good, they fit well in my ears, I'm happy! But what really puts them over the top is the phenomenal customer service. For whatever reason, after about three months I started having problems with one of the ear-buds, the sound quality was muffled. I emailed customer service at Anker, we tried a reset. When that didn't work, they just shipped me a new pair and said I didn't need to bother returning the original pair. The new pair works great. Very very impressed!"		
5	:	"I purchased these in April. They worked great til July 15th. Then they ceased to function. I contacted Anker online. They confirmed the purchase and the problem. After being unable to solve it on my end, Anker replaced the item in 10 days. That's customer service!I have two other blue tooth speakers and several portable charging products and cords from Anker. All are top quality and do exactly what they were purchased for. After dealing with their customer service with the above issue and their prompt action to solve it, I'll highly recommend Anker, and this set of earbuds."		
5	:	Almost daily use since purchase a few months ago. These hold battery very well. I can go around 10 hours per charge. The retention clip broke and Anker replaced it. I wish that the buds fit a little more snugly: I have to push them in pretty frequently. I may just need to find smaller bud tips somewhere and put them on this unit.		
5	:	"I've owned probably 8 different $20-$40 bluetooth earphones over the past 2 years, and these are definitely the best.  The others typically broke or quit working after a couple months. These have much better battery life (12.5 hours is a legit number vs 6-7 on all the others I've tried), and they charge much faster over AC.  Their claim is 1 hour life per 10 mins charge, but it's much better than that.The earbuds themselves are sealed other than the sound port, and the buttons and USB input are on the little cord tube.  This makes the weighting kind of weird, but it improves the waterproofing.  I'm pretty sure sweat is what killed my other ones.  Sound is great too."		
5	:	"These are by far the best head phones I have ever used. I've tried dozens of headphones bluetooth, and wired, from $8 to $200. I use them all day every day at work. They are comfortable in ear and resting on ear. Excellent sound quality and level of bass. They stay connected to my Samsung s7 active with only a very rare breif skip. Battery lasts all 9 hours of the work day no problem. The remote works great for volume, skipping, repeating, pause and play with my Pandora. The cord tends to shift to the right due to weight of remote, but not that much of a bother to occasionally scoot over. Tying the cord up with provided clip would solve this, but I prefer it without."		
5	:	"so far I like this product,it got plenty of bass,it has a great battery  life, I only use it about 2 hours a week and I do not need to recharge in about 3 to 4 weeks holds the battery life together pretty well, the only issue I'm having right now is that it does not stay on my ear very good if you are a runner, if you are a runner might want to consider looking something else."		
1	:	"Firstly, I loved these headphones. There were small, extremely portable and had a great battery life. However, the first pair's signal would constantly fall. The second pair the same and finally, the third pair would display 80% battery on my iPhone and then suddenly drop to 20% and then die off. I loved Anker, and I even bought my partner and colleague a pair of these headphones. But personally, the pairs I've owned, all had major flaws and did not live up to my exceptions from a well-established brand such as Anker. I would definitely look elsewhere, as these headphones have proven to be a letdown unfortunately."		
5	:	"Comfortable, with a variety of tips for the earpieces. Battery life is good, as advertised. Sound quality is excellent, and I never had any issues with BT or dropouts. After 3 months, the earpiece broke, but Anker's customer service is great! They were able to help me get a replacement pair, and we're back in business. Just as good as before, even if they're not the most bulletproof, they have the service to back it up."		
5	:	"I can finally enjoy my workouts stress free! I hate wires when it comes to running, they always get in the way. This was the perfect solution at an awesome price. They sound extremely good and the bass is really nice (better than my LG wireless headphones). The SoundBuds come with about 3 different sets of earbuds and 2 different pairs for the inner ear piece so you can fit them more perfectly to your ear shape. My only problem with this is that the controls feel hard to press but it's totally doable. I'm just being picky."		
4	:	"My review is solely based on comfort. I am a beats by Dre guy. I love the sound but after they are in/on my ears for a certain amount of time, it???s starts to feel uncomfortable. I find this problem with most headphones. I wore these and used the smallest buds provided and the comfort is unbeatable. The sound is good. I would purchase these again."		
4	:	"Update: I received a new set of headphones to replace the defective ones.  Increased my review to 4 stars to reflect the good customer service. Original:  I originally loved this product but recently I noticed horrible battery life, now it doesn???t charge much at all.  After 3 days of charging on two different chargers it is still in the red low battery zone."		
2	:	"I loved these headphones. They were the first pair of wireless headphones I have purchased and was excited based on the other Anker products I have purchased in the past. However, Its 6 days passed the return limit time and they no longer will charge. I have tried to recharge them with 3 different cords on multiple outlets. My overall experience was awesome and I would have love to recommend these to other but now Im not sure how to review based on the issue with charging. The fit was awesome, battery life was great, and the sound was also great."		
5	:	Fantastic workout or all-around headphones. You can???t shake them off and they last all day. I was not sold on Bluetooth headphones before these.		
3	:	"Volume (too low) and fidelity (weak bass, more treble) were not as good as the Skullcandy earbuds I have used for years which is my standard for earbud quality. I replaced these with another brand that solved both problems for $8 more."		
1	:	"Microphone produces noises, it is broken or something, made several calls and no one could hear me, this is very frustrating and unacceptable; I was really excited about this product."		
1	:	"My old bluetooth headphones broke about 3 weeks ago after a year and a half of very frequent use, and I was thinking about just buying the same again because I had liked them so much. But I read a review that compared them to the Anker SoundBuds and praised the Anker so much that I decided to give them a try. Wrong choice!The hooks around the ears are really soft and flexible, but because of that they don't really help stabilize the headphones and they frequently slipped while I was running.Another thing I didn't like was that while running, my footsteps made a thudding noise in the headphones, not very enjoyable.As many other people have complained about it, the command box on the right side is heavy and pulls down the cord on the right side, pulling the left headphone out of my ear.Finally, they just broke at the end of my long run on Sunday, after 2 weeks of use. They just disconnected, and I couldn't turn them back on. I tried charging them at home (with 2 different cables) and they just won't charge anymore. Waste of time, I'm returning them and buying my old ones again."		
4	:	"UPDATED Review: After I had written the below review, I was contacted by Director of Product control in which she offered to send me a new pair.  She apologized for the bad experience I had and wanted to make it up to me so. I accepted the new pair of earbuds where they had sent to me complimentary!  Very impressed with their customer service.  I didn't feel as if they didn't care, or that they were only sending me a new pair for a positive review. I offered to rewrite this one.  All in all, the ear buds I got were a bad batch, and am satisfied with the new pair.  Thanks!After completely charging the earbuds and used them once, I could no longer turn them on.  I had to send them back.  I wouldn't order another Anker product again for that reason. Unreliable."		
5	:	"These have been fantastic, I use them with my laptop and galaxy S8 and it can stayed paired to both and easily switched between them. The range and strength of the signal is great which switching from roku ear buds is a welcome relief. The volume is decent for what they are. I bought them while they were on sale but they're definitely worth the full price they were originally listed at. Also love the shape of the ear buds and hooks around the ear."		
2	:	"I'm a person who sweats a lot when I run. I used these headphones about 4 times, usually running an average of 2 miles each time, until the right headphone's sound went nearly mute. You could hardly hear it now. I did my best to take care of them, letting them dry after I ran before I would put them in their case. But I guess these headphones just can't handle the amount of sweat I produce when I run.There are positives though: they stay in the ear well, they have good sound, and they have good battery life. It's just a shame they crapped out on me because of my sweat. I would recommend these if you don't sweat much."		
1	:	"These were great at first. Nice sound, good fit, stay in place, nice case.  Seemed like a great value for the price. However they only worked for about two weeks of light use. That is pathetic."		
5	:	"As always, Anker products deliver great products vs price point. I have never been dissatisfied with an Anker product. These are no exception.  Upscale packaging, refined look and feel of the earbuds. Great sound for the money. Not Bose sound quality, but definitely worth more than the $25 I paid."		
1	:	"I purchased these to use while I run and workout. I have heard only great things about the bang-for-the-buck value of these headphones. I was excited upon arrival and the first few times I used them. They are fully charged, show proper LED status for pairing mode, but now longer connect. They no longer are recognised by any of my devices. Not sure if I am missing something? Build and sound quality are far superb for the price, but took a few stars away for the short life."		
5	:	"I've had these for over a year now and they have worked flawlessly. I average probably 1 hr 30 min in the gym, 5 times a week and it holds a charge throughout the week. I recharge the headphones on my off day. No problem with the bluetooth or sound. Great headphones for the price."		
3	:	I love and trust anker products especially portable chargers or batteries. These headphones were great until adhesive glue came off mid way through a workout and now they finally ended. I was hoping to go longer with these  but definitely disappointed about it.		
5	:	I bought these headphones to use at the gym but they are so comfortable that I use them all the time. The battery last for hours and the sound is really clear. The blue tooth was quick to connect to my Iphone and Ipad and you can connect them to 2 devices at the same time. Definitely worth the money.		
4	:	"Really good buy, the sound quality isn???t top notch, however it???s pretty good! No issues with them staying in place during workouts or anything. Battery life is great, Definitely worth the purchase."		
5	:	"these things are great, the amount of extras it comes with like the assortment of different earbuds and the travel case are also amazing for the price of these. My girlfriend borrowed them from me for work and she loves them too, trying to convince her to get her own pair so she'll stop taking mine lol"		
4	:	"I myself am no audiophile but the Soundbuds Curve by Anker exceeded my expectations. I primarily use the??Audio-Technica M20x's as my daily driver for listening to music and light video editing; but they are far too heavy and sweat inducing to wear comfortably outdoors, hence this purchase.To put it simply. For the price, solid battery-life and respectable audio quality that'll definitely get you through any workout, run, call, or commute; I would highly recommend giving these buds a try. Not to mention with the 30-day money-back guarantee and 18 month warranty, you can't go wrong."		
4	:	"I bought these in mid-September, and everything had been fantastic, until Friday, almost 8 months later, when the left earbud or whatever randomly stopped working. However, given the price, quality, and stats of these, plus Anker's warranty and ridiculously awesome track record with their customer service, I would still, and already have, recommend/ed these headphones. I have not yet contacted Anker about the thing from last Friday, however I bet my experience with their customer service will easily warrant a bump up of my rating from a 4 to a 5.I have a couple minor wishes for preferred slight design tweaks, but these are still fantastic. I will add these thoughts later."		
5	:	"If you???re expecting these to sound like ???top shelf??? headphones then go ahead and shell out the money for top stuff. Now for the features, quality and price, this is a no brainer.To top it all off, Anker???s customer service is PHENOMENAL and EXEMPLARY. My first set simply died after using them non-stop  (I run everyday plus lift 4x wk) and I contacted Anker. They replied in less than 24 hrs. After that the entore process of replacing my headphones was almost effortless. This is my 3rd ANKER product and certainly not the last."		
3	:	"I really liked these when I first got them. They are comfortable and stay in place when walking and working out. But now they don't stay charged very long. A couple of hours tops. I had not used them regularly in the first few months that I had them, now that the weather is better I am taking longer walks outside and they just don't hold up."		
5	:	The sound quality on these are great.  they have a very nice bass & treble ratio.  They are comfortable to wear for long periods of time. I really like them and highly recommend them.		
4	:	"I have been on the hunt for a pair of Bluetooth headphones and these are now my main pair. Overall the Anker Soundbuds Curve meets my needs - I have chosen it over the??Otium Beats,Phaiser BHS-760,Phaiser BHS-730,SENSO Bluetooth Headphones,SoundPEATS Q12,Anker SoundBuds Slim,TaoTronics TT-BH07??- All of which either were uncomfortable - had a bad mic, had bad sound or just did not work well. If you have been shopping for budget headphones on Amazon - you likely have come across these earbuds.Quick Tip:  Burn in your headphones - use pink noise, stretchers, and the likes and play music through your headphones at half volume for 8-12 hours - this alone greatly improved the quality on the soundbuds curve - future use has improved even more.Below are some pros and cons.Pros:- Blocks (most) background noise (for the person on other side of conversation) when making calls. These headphones did it best - even with NYC sounds and even with high winds, though with really high winds, i had to move the mic closer to my mouth.- Fits my ears comfortably (I have smaller ear canals, so most larger earbuds hurt my ear.)- Fits securely on my ears and does not fall out when running, etc.- Is sweat resistant. (they say waterproof - but i do not see a rating listed)- Sounds pretty good.- Lasts a while, I had played music at half volume for over 8 hours and they were still kicking.- Allows outside noise in (so i can hear whats happening around me, such as on the subway)- They come with Comply Foam earbuds for those specific use cases.Cons:- Does not block out outside noise - I know I listed this as a pro - it is for me but i can see how it isn't for others.- Not really sure how well the carrying case is going to protect these, but so far so good.- The Cables sometime ""sticks"" to my skin - its a bit odd, its like i need to add baby powder or something to avoid the sticking.- I wish the cable was reinforced more and was flat - unfortunately I do hear the cable noise when walking - but mainly when on phone - not noticeable when listening to music.  (The person on other end does not hear it.)- I think these earbuds have 8mm drivers - though its not listed - I think they should have been 12mm drivers - sometimes you just wish there was more omph!For $32 - I am happy with my decision and will use these daily."		
5	:	"Best ear buds I???ve ever had. They pair to my iPad andiPhone seamlessly, they hold a charge for 8-10hrs, great sound, fast charging, and there is a tiny icon on the phone showing the charge level.The only downside is the tiny charging port cover which doesn???t stay in the port and will likely get torn off easily. No big deal."		
5	:	"I've gone through various expensive and cheap bluetooth headphones over the years for use in the gym and for running. Most of the time they last 2 months and stop working. I got these about 6-7 months ago and they're still going after being used about 7-8 hours a week. 5 stars based on that.For running, I like the fit. You don't get the ""bouncing"" issue so it's easy to listen to podcasts and stuff.  For gym stuff they're great.  You might have to tie up the string part a little if you're doing plyometric stuff but otherwise I've never has an issue."		
5	:	I had a bad first one that barely lasted but Anker support took care of that and shipped me a free replacement when I contacted them and the new one works great I use it for all my workouts with no issues it's really great for the price		
5	:	"Keeps its charge and very comfortable in my ears. It comes with different buds so I chose the one I like best for my ears. Very simple and easy. I use them to exercise,  running, walking or T25 with no issues. I use them while cleaning the house and even though I'm sweating there was no issue."		
4	:	"Giving these 4 stars because I like them. They are comfortable, battery lasts a few days of workouts, and the sound quality is good. My first pair stopped working after 2 months but the seller quickly sent me a replacement pair. Those are working great so far."		
2	:	"These are close to being a great pair of bluetooth headphones for the price, but one thing completely ruins it. They are constantly cutting out. I thought this might have been a problem with my phone, but the problem persisted after upgrading to a Samsung S9. If I so much as turn my head an inch in either direction the audio briefly cuts out. Sometimes I also get super loud painful pops in my ear out of nowhere. Other than those issues I think the sound quality is great, the earbuds are comfortable, and they stay in place."		
1	:	"Bought these at the end of October, by the end of November they are dead. Won't charge. Tried multiple chargers. They have died for no apparent reason. used about a half hour a day. Going to try to get in touch with the company. .... Update)  got in touch with the company by email, they responded quickly. Sent them photo of serial number and screen shot of purchase, they agreed to send me a new pair. Still, I saw another review from someone who said they stopped charging shortly after purchase, so this seems to be a problem."		
5	:	"Good sound, lightweight, and great battery life.  More importantly, excellent customer service.  My first pair of these failed after 6 months of hard use; as they have an 18-month warranty, I submitted a claim through their website.  Anker quickly replaced the faulty headphones with a new pair.  Throughout, they were responsive and courteous.  This was among the best interactions I've ever had with a company's customer service.In the past I've purchased a number of other Anker products and have always been pleased with the quality.  No hesitations, I highly recommend Anker."		
5	:	Was going back and forth in reviewing these headphones due to my wife???s initial experience. She???s an avid runner and kept using traditional wired headphones. These met the wireless need at a great price. They worked well for the first few months. They unexpectedly stayed ON and would no longer pair to any phone. We took all the troubleshooting steps before reaching out to Anker. Anker walked us through a few steps before verifying a replacement was needed. They sent me the postage and within a few days we received a new pair. Thank you Shelly!		
4	:	They sound pretty good and say in place well for running. They paired easily with 2 different phones. Right now my only complaint is the small light on them stopped workingUpdate::  September 15 2018.  The head phones stopped working after a few months very disappointedUpdate Oct 22 2018: I contacted Anker and they honored their warranty and replaced the headphones quickly. The customer service was outstanding. They even followed up with an email asking if the replacement headphones were working. Like I said their customer service is top notch		
5	:	"I  fan of Anker based on their USB chargers and an now extend this to their customer support and their Soundbuds Curve. My Anker Curve has great sound for either music or audiobooks for sessions of many hours. After a few months, my Curve was having problems pairing, which was not reversed despite several emails with customer support, each response came within a day of my emails. Sing this one must have had a malfunction they send me a new Curve as replacement. Pairing is quick and sound is terrific. Thanks."		
4	:	"work fine for a couple of weeks. Now it won't hold a charge, product still look brand new. Should have read the 1 star review...seem to be a common problem with this product.Edit: Anker send me a new one (overnight shipping). I changed my rating to 4 star for the customer service. Will update if the new pair works out."		
4	:	"Good sound quality, comfortable, attractive. Easy to connect. My only issue is battery life - which was amazing the first week - already seems to be on a downward spiral. They very rapidly go from 100% to 80% on low volume and little controller use."		
5	:	I got these to replace my LGs that finally gave out.. For the price at 17.00 bucks after the rebate and sale price... I can't complain. Sound is good and no distortion when they are set to Max.. I would recommend them to anyone looking to get a quality pair of wireless Bluetooth ear phones..		
4	:	I love these earbuds. I wear them to the gym every day and only have to charge them about once a week. I've dumped water over my head while running with them and they are water proof as advertised. I only wish there was a button the change tracks instead of just pause and volume.		
4	:	"I run 5 or 6 times a week, about an hour on weeknights and 2 hours on weekends. I can go almost 2 weeks without charging them. These stay in my ear and sound surprisingly good. It's not an especially rich sound, but it's not tinny, either, like some Bluetooth earbuds I've tried."		
1	:	"I think I have fairly normal ears, but these are uncomfortable and don't stay on securely????? mostly because the top loop isn't adjustable. It's too big, so doesn't fit snugly. They wiggle around and are uncomfortable to wear ??? I'll give them to someone with bigger ears."		
5	:	I picked these up for the gym - I can get a week's worth of listening to podcasts and music at the gym. I'm probably there 1-1.5hrs each session.  My phone says it's connecting via aptX and it sounds good enough for me.  No complaints!		
5	:	"I didn't have high expectations for $30 wireless headphones. I must say i am extremely satisfied with the product.In my opinion these are the best value in wireless headphones. I cant comment on the longevity of the product, but initial experience is great. They are not marketed as noise cancelling but they fit so well in my ears that even when they are not pumping out sound i can still barely hear any outside noise. Even if they only last me a year or so i will continue to buy a new pair year after year."		
5	:	"These sound great, the bass isn't too over powering and isn't drowned out. They fit well and have alot of different tips to try whichever one fits best. The sound quality during phone calls is also really good. I can wear these for hours without fatigue. They last about 12 hours which is plenty of time and recharge to full very quickly. I absolutely recommend these if you're looking for a cheaper wireless headphones."		
3	:	"I was disappointed by the sound. But Anker is such a great company and stand behind their products, they refunded my money so I would gladly try their products again with no hesitation.  There???s no delay so that???s a positive, but the sound is not good.  I am on the lookout for a pair that sounds better to the ears"		
5	:	"I love it! The shape, style, functions and battery life is great. Sound is good as well. Don't expect a sensational sound but for this price is excellent. I never had any problem with microphone.Indoor; I use mostly on gym. Outdoor; I use when I cruse with my skateboard. I already suggested 3 of my friends. They are amazed."		
5	:	"These are fantastic. I did a bit of research before buying them. I've always bought cheap Walmart or gas station pairs (save one $60 pair that was gifted to me). I was tired of the cheap-os breaking so quickly, but I didn't want to break the bank.... These are fully beyond my expectations. Get them. I can't believe I waited so long to get something like this for around the same price. The sound quality is extraordinary. They've held up for quite some time. I have absolutely no complaints. I'll buy these over and over again."		
3	:	Update 2: Anker stood by their product and issued a new product. Very friendly and impressed by their customer serviceUpdate 1: Had these for less than a month and now they will not turn on. I absolutely loved these headphones. Couldn???t have asked for a better fit and sound quality. They just don???t work now. I am very disappointed. :/Amazing! Comfortable and with perfect sound quality. Couldn???t be any happier! I???ve spent months looking for wireless ear buds. I even gave up for a few months before I came across these. Beyond happy I found these!		
5	:	"I went through two pair of PowerBeats3 - returned both sets due to problems with the control buttons not working. The Anker SoundBuds are exponentially better at 1/5 the price! Cannot tell the difference in sound quality, easy to pair, battery life indicator appears on iPhone when connected, great selection of ear tips. Only draw back is the weight of the control button pulls on the right ear piece, but I was able to fix that by using the included wire clip. Highly recommend for the quality and price"		
5	:	Good sounding earbuds. I got these to replace 50/50 skullcandy that broke and these sound just as good. These are not bass heavy earbuds but it has bass. Very light and comfortable that don't hurt over time. I wear these pretty much my whole 8 hour shift and battery life is good. They lasted 16 hours at 50% volume. I don't have any dislikes for this product. I will recommend these awesome earbuds.		
5	:	"I liked these so much that I bought another pair for my husband. They are really comfortable and the battery life is really good. The command buttons work differently than most, and it took a little to get used to, but that's the only ""con"" I can think of."		
3	:	"The sound quality is good and they are easy to use, however, they are poorly put together. The ""bud"" part of the device is not glued to the main wiring housing, simply fitted inside, which causes them to come apart regularly. As you can imagine, this puts strain on the wires inside. The wires inside broke after only ~9months. I stored them in the case and everything, they are just poorly designed.UPDATE - they sent me a replacement pair through the warranty (good for 1 year after purchase). Customer service was really easy and fast. Bumped up to 3 stars for good customer service Hope this pair lasts."		
5	:	"I've only used them one day so far, but the sound is amazing. Bass is strong, but doesn't muddy out the rest of the music. No issues pairing with my Pixel 2 XL, and I haven't noticed any sound clipping yet like a TaoTronics pair I got not too long ago. I also like the fit and the fact that it has the over ear clips. They also seem to give a lot of choices when it comes to changing out earbuds."		
5	:	"Buy them, I bought them a few months ago for $40 and once I saw that they were $20, I bought a pair to give for Christmas. I own these anker products: headphones, 3 portable chargers, 2 charging cords, and a Bluetooth speaker. The company is great, the warranty is great, and the price is great. The only issue is the small metal mesh that the sound goes through fell off, but it stuck back on."		
4	:	"The sound is good, the mic is okay if there is not too much background noise like the radio playing in the car. The reason this is a three star item and not four is because after less than two weeks the left earbud cover has failed. The device comes with spares of different sizes but the reason I replaced my LG set was the unavailability of replacement covers. Am I back in the replace the whole device arena? Time will tell.UPDATE Anker customer support saw this review and reached out to me. They resolved the issue without any effort from me beyond this review."		
5	:	"Fairly solid bass response.Although the highs and mids could be clearer, for $19.00, I can't complain.Wonderful battery life.They are my goto headphones.I (occasionally) prefer them over my $250 Sony noise cancelling over ear headphones, but mostly because of the light weight and perfect ear fit!"		
2	:	"Poor sound quality I had to pick and choose music I listened to that had high sound quality, if the sound quality was low I couldn't listen to the music. They also constantly cuts in and out as if they can't stay connected via Bluetooth. Sometimes they even just come completely disconnected from Bluetooth. They are comfortable and actually stay on your ears well while working out which is the only feature I liked about them."		
2	:	The headphones good for every day use. But if you are a really going to run with them you need to think twice because when you run with them more then 5KM for couple of times in the week they going to die on you. the sweat killing the headphones.so its great for the people that run one time in the week for short distance. because i returns already 2 pair because they die on long run and never charge and power on after the long run...  (for 10+ km they not good)		
5	:	"These were recommended in Life Hacker and I decided to give it a try. They were easy to figure out how to use and worked quickly after a charge. The best part is that they fit in my ears. A lot of earbuds and headphones are too big and this fit and sit nicely on my ears. I've never had fancy headphones so I don't know how they compare to other brands, but the work well for me and I'm happy to have them."		
5	:	"?? bought this after good research and dnt regret. Its super light wait and so super comfi. I have trouble earholes and none of the earbuds fit me so far. But i got the anker out the box and try it ob and its perfect fit, didnt even need to change size of the ear silicone. It fits tight in to my ears and it creates passive noise cancelling. When they are on ur ears even without music it blocks most of outside noise. Its great product ( by the way i have payed for my earpiece its not free product)"		
5	:	Amazing sound and build quality these sound amazing especially when used on a APTX HD compatible device the bass might be a bit lower than other at this price range but the difference is negligable. The customer service is extremely is amazing and one of a kind at Anker I will be sure to buy more Anker products.		
5	:	"I love these and I was really surprised that they are such high quality for less than $30! The battery lasts me about a week with daily, hourly use, and they even charge quickly. They fit snugly and the sound is HQ. Absolutely worth the buy, highly recommend. (PS. I rarely rave about items and I like to keep my reviews brutally honest, but these surpassed my expectations.)"		
4	:	"I loved these because of the long battery life and ability to stay in ears. Good sound also. Only issue was that they stopped working after a few weeks. Don't know why, maybe sweat got into them. Gave 4 stars because customer service was great and I was able to get my issue resolved quickly."		
4	:	"Stays on your ears, long battery life, good sound quality. There is a clip to attach it to your clothes during workouts so the control piece does pull down on the headphones themselves. No annoying beeping when changing volumes/song/ on/ off buttons.The only thing I don't like about it is it only gets so loud and can't get any louder. They're 75% sound proof I would say.  Can mute out quiet noises but not loud ones like buses or airplanes."		
3	:	It sit greatBattery life was not impressiveSoudbar d quality was not all that greatI really wanted to like theses headsets but just not quite there		
5	:	great battery life better than average sound on these buds. decent bass as well. I listen to talk mostly so I can't give you any sort of audiophile's point of view. I just know I can usually use these for a week or so before they need to be charged. Others cannot even do an hour before dying.		
5	:	These are super comfortable and very secure. They hold a good charge and come in a convenient little case that's nice to protect them from my toddlers. The Bluetooth has worked really well. I don't know anything about sound but to me they sound nice. Another great reliable product from Anker.		
4	:	"Sound good with good bass. Lasts quite a while on a single charge. Only thing I don't like is the positioning of the controls. For me, I have to take that side out of my ear in order to use the control. But, strong sound and value mean I'm quite happy with these."		
2	:	Headphones already having problems and have only had 5 months.  Can barely hear out of right earphone.		
4	:	"For price quality, I'll give five start. Actually the quality of the sound is superior to any similar product (under 200) other than Beats. Trust me. I've tried them almost all. If you buy you wont be disappointed.The only concern is, when you reach the max volume there is an indicator tone that mute/overlay the sound for around 1 second. If they could fix that somehow this would become a killer product, because the sound is really really good."		
5	:	"Amazing, and 1/2 the price of the JBL cousin...Actually less than half the price ...I thought I wasn't getting the bass response that I was supposed to and you have to kind of snugg them up in your ear, Very comfortable and very surprising nice bass response and you can adjust your EQ on spotify to match the experience that you're looking for... Strong believer Anker products will always be buying them from here on out"		
5	:	"Great straight out of the box! I am super satisfied, sound is great and they fit perfect. Absolute great price for the quality you get. I went through and returned 4 different pairs of wireless earbuds and I finally found these. Super happy I finally found the ones. I just hope they last awhile. Thanks Anker!"		
5	:	"Surprisingly, these are great sounding BT earphones that are very affordable. I had lost hope of finding BT earphones that sounded good, but Anker has figured out how to do it at an affordable price. Buy these now!"		
5	:	"I bought mine about a month ago, those came damaged so I called customer service and without any issues they sent new ones right away.  As a mussisian,  and fan of street workout,  I have tested them under heavy sweat and rain, with out any problems and good sound quality.  Battery life is amazing.  Bluetooth range is acceptable, but will disconnect if you walk away from your phone or walk around a wall during a WO routine...  I use them with a sport band/watch to play my music and they work great!!Five stars for a great product at a fair price and great customer service."		
1	:	"Failed after 2 months of light use. Charges, but won't turn on.UPDATE 12/18 - Anker replaced these and now the second pair have failed after less than 5 uses. These are not sweat proof and will fail."		
5	:	I got these Anker earbuds at sale and like it very much. It has great sound quality for a reasonable price. And it's the only solution I've found for my Nexus Player after I tried three other budget products from different manufacturers. Somehow after my Nexus Player was upgraded to Android 8 it became very picky to Bluetooth earbuds. They either have sound break up constantly or does not connect all. The Anker is a little more expensive but works. The connection is not perfect but good enough. I guess it's more Nexus Player's problem now. Anker is a winner again!		
4	:	Updated:  Anker sent me a new replacement set of headphones after the original ones failed.Their customer service was great!  I have bought many Anker products and the value for your money and support they provide if things go wrong cannot be overstated.Original:  Failed after less than 4 months of period use... Only used once a week. Worked great when they worked.		
5	:	Simply amazing headphones! Great sound quality and battery life for the price. The only tricky part is determining the right ear fit. I???d recommend trying the first piece without the bud and adjusting until the speaker is aligned with your ear canal. You???ll need a mirror for it but they???re very comfy once you get the right combination. They???re loud too. I keep mine on the lowest volume and sometimes need to pause it.		
4	:	"Can't really complain in this price range. I didn't expect much but my oh my, it surprised me. The build feels good, not premium. The sound quality is 6/10 if I separate the price. The mids are bit clumsy, highs also suffer, but it has decent bass, which is more surprising. The bluetooth connection is awesome. I finally got a bluetooth companion, which I can rely. The battery life I got 10 hours with music."		
4	:	"For the money, quality is good, sound is good and they are very comfortable to wear. I wasn't bothered by the cord, as some reviewer seem to be. Overall, I'd say they were a great buy. Would be buy again."		
5	:	"These earbuds are suprisingly good for the money. They paired easily with my phone, sound fine to me, and fit very comfortably and securely. They include a ton of different size ear 'wings' and cusions to fit anyone's ear. I purchased them for use while exercising and they definitely work great for that."		
5	:	"I love these things, battery lasts way longer than my set of MPOW's, very comfortable and sound great. Amazing value headset.My pair wouldn't turn back on after about 2 months, and the customer service was quick to send me a replacement pair after providing them with the serial number on the USB cord. I was sent a new pair before I even returned my defective set. Anker service was a pleasure to work with!"		
5	:	I used it almost everyday commuting. Battery is definitely 6 hrs at least. Sound quality is average but good enough. It's pretty comfortable as I haven't ever had a problem using it 4+ hours at work and the hook design made sure it won't slip when running. Also comes with all different sizes ear cup so make sure you tried all and pick the one most comfortable to you. :)		
5	:	I love them!! Fit really well and no worries about falling out of my ears. Sound is very good. Really good quality for the price.  I really like the little case that comes with them to keep in		
5	:	"These are hands down the best Bluetooth headphones I have ever purchased (out of 10). I use these for running, biking, kayaking, and fishing, there has been zero problems! The range is quite spectacular, I have walked away from my phone about 50' through the house (walls, studs, fridge, showers, hot water heater, etc.) and was able to hear the music well with minimal break ups. I just bought two more of these as Christmas gifts for my sister and brother-in-law. I'm sure they will love these."		
5	:	"These have a perfect fit! I have smaller ears, absolutely love the fit. Very light weight. I use these for running, so base isn't a big issue for me. I have not tested the base on these but the sound I have heard is great. Quality product, I'm satisfied with my choice."		
1	:	My headsets frequent stop turning on when I disconnect them from my android phone on the phone side. It seems like I have to leave them alone for hours over and over before they'll pair and operate normally again. It's so frustrating that I can't reliably turn them on or reconnect them.		
1	:	"When I first got these headphones I noticed that they had some battery issues that I was able to over even though anker wanted to send me another pair, but now the left earbud is not working and it???s disappointing because I liked the design and have bought anker in the past and have never had a product form theirs break like this."		
1	:	I love Anker Products but these headphones were too good to be true. I liked them so much I even purchased the updated version as a gift for my partners.However the casing came unglued on the buds 3 months in. I glued it with super glue and figured I was too rough on then.Then the stuttering happened - it comes and goes but I now expect that audio will get staticky/stutter a few times a week. They also just disconnect from my phone at random while playing - which is a bummer when you???re exercising.		
5	:	there was a small problem with my headphone but the sent to me another one also it very comfotable and the sound is very clear and loud and the mic also is clear for using and speaking		
4	:	Anker has definitely stepped it up with their quality in products. These headphones were not only good in sound but also good in noise cancellation. I own a pair of Beats Pros and the battery life on the Ankers last a few hours longer than the Beats. If you are looking for inexpensive headphones that are bluetooth I recommend these. The only thing I would say I didn't like about the headset was that the wire was just a little too long but I do like that it is skinnier than the Beats wire. Great product!		
4	:	When it work it was pretty good for the price but after a couple of months it slowly got worse till it just stopped working altogether.UPDATE: changing my rating because the customer service alone deserves 4 stars. After a few emails they are sending me a new pair.		
5	:	"I usually don't waste time to write reviews but my family and I love these headphones.  I bought my original pair 9 months ago after trying 5-6 different headphones.  I have owned an Anker Bluetooth speaker for years that I love so I thought I would try these.  I bragged about them so much my son wanted to try them.  He liked them so much he wouldn't  give them back, same with my husband and my second pair.  I ended up buy myself 2 new pairs one for work and one for home and a pair for each of my teenage and adult children.  Best Bluetooth headphones for the price."		
5	:	10 stars...ANKER makes great products 12/17/17 updateStill great working perfectly fast charging and I sweat a ton when I'm working out not any problems so far at all. Also the back ground noise when you use the right ear fittings is great. You'll love your favorite music or calls  while on the go.		
4	:	"They are comfortable and the battery life is great. The left ear piece crackles at pretty much any volume though, so I wouldn't buy these again.***Edit*** Anker replaced. New set work awesome. 4 stars for lower volume than I'd like."		
2	:	"Everything works. However whenever I stop playing audio, the earbuds cut out and go silent. Afterwards upon playing audio again, a loud crackle rings through the earbud before the audio starts back up. It's unbearable.Music becomes distorted when played while in any kind of call (phone calls, Skype, Discord, etc).2 stars for working though."		
4	:	Very good fit. Comfortable around ears. Decent volume. Doesn't connect to multiple devices at the same time which my other headset does where I could watch a video on my iPad while still switch to the phone when I receive a call.		
5	:	"You can't beat these things for value! The sound and build quality is quite good, especially for the price. The ear hook and various sizes of included silicone ear pieces allow you to find a good fit for the shape of your ears. They barely budge during my runs or workouts. The first headset I received died of unknown causes at around day 30. When I contacted the company, they offered some solutions to fix the problem which didn't help, but then sent a new headset immediately, no questions asked. The customer service has been top notch! These are great little earbuds!"		
5	:	"At this price point it is truly hard to beat the sound quality and fit of these Bluetooth earbuds.They fit my ears very well and with several ear tips options, you have several fits to choose from.  These earbuds stay in place during vigorous runs and remain comfortable throughout your workout.The power on and off, as well as device pairing, are easy to do and work well.  Additionally, the noise cancellation on these earbuds works great for the price.These have quickly become my go to earbuds and I will be buying another set for my wife."		
5	:	"I bought a pair last October and they worked flawlessly until they broke. The sound quality is great for the price tag, the pairing process is pretty seamless and effective (I own both Android and Apple devices), they are very comfortable and the battery life is amazing, I tend to go through a week (using it for about 3 hours each day). Although they broke they are pretty durable and they also come with an 18-month-long warranty. That being said, the customer service was super helpful and they replaced my old one with a new pair. So far, everything has been working as expected."		
5	:	"These earbuds are great - perfect for using at the gym.The sound quality and battery life are both very good.  Anker's support is top-notch too. I bought a pair last spring and was really enjoying using them until they stopped connecting to my phone a few weeks ago. That was bad, but when I contacted Anker, they were very helpful. Their tech had me try a short list of fixes, and when none of these worked they sent me a new pair of earbuds. no questions asked. I wish more companies stood behind their products the way Anker does. I highly recommend them!"		
5	:	"Absolutely love these earbuds. I've had them for about... 2 weeks already? and they are so comfortable. It says the range is about 30 or so feet I believe but when I tested it out it went even further. Needless to say, I was very shocked by the quality and distance these babies gave and for such a steal! much better than my $35 j-buds that I paid for. I can't even walk through half of my house without the music starting to disconnect and sound choppy."		
1	:	I wore these headphones for about 2 weeks and got great use out of them. From workouts to traveling they were great. Then one day I was running with them on and they suddenly died and I haven???t been able to turn them on since... I was sweating during the run and I guess a bit of water could have affected them so I guess they aren???t really waterproof.		
4	:	"I've only had these for a few days so this review is just my first impression. The earbuds have a great user interface, are very easy to pair, fit comfortably, and the ear hooks seem very stable. The sound quality is better than I expected for the price. Overall these are great earbuds. My only issues has been with Bluetooth connectivity. The sound has a tendency to cut in and out while listening. It usually only lasts for a split second but it can get quite annoying. I still am not sure if the issue is with the earbuds or the device they are paired with."		
5	:	Have been using these for the gym and audio quality is great. Bass response is also surprisingly good. Just make sure they are seated well in your ear. I've found them comfortable and they don't seem to want to fall out. Overall very satisfied with the purchase.		
5	:	Excellent fit to ears (multiple adjustments). Light weight and sound quality impressive. Very easy hook up to my I phone 8+. Highly recommend this product and if mine ever break I will purchase another set. Home run Anker!		
4	:	"They don't get very loud, but the sound quality is decent otherwise.  Haven't had any issues with battery life.  I wish the controls were a little more obvious on how to skip tracks."		
2	:	"Sound is very thin. I don???t like bass heavy headphones, but these are ridiculously lacking and midrange and bass. These sound like tweeters. I guess they are good for the price, but maybe not. If you are looking for cheap and good enough these are perfect. If you want to hear any details at all in your music I would direct you somewhere else."		
5	:	"Love these things, granted there isn't a lot of bass but the fact that you can listen to music and still here what's going on around you is a huge plus for me. The call quality is superb and the mic functions just like you would want.  And the best part 12 hours of music with a 90 minute charge."		
1	:	"So one day I was using it for my cardio workout, then the next day I plug it into the charger and the light indicator wouldn't turn to tell it was charging. So I tried to turn it on it would not even start up. So one day it worked and the next it wouldnt even charge or turn on... Ok. I would rather buy something else"		
5	:	"Great design and lightweight comfortable fit. Anker includes plenty of adjustable parts making it easy to find the perfect fit. I also appreciate the relatively small travel case to keep the soundbuds safe when not in use. The packaging is simple, less money was spent on that and more on the quality of the product itself. Overall for the price, I think this product does a bang up job! Will buy other products from Anker in the future."		
5	:	"This latest set lasted less than 2 months.  The headphones stay powered on and will not switch off or pair with my iPhone.  I let the battery drain to 0% in the hopes that when I charged the set it would be fixed, but this did not solve the problem.  After posting my dissatisfaction Anker customer support was extremely fast in reaching out, troubleshooting, and sending a brand new replacement pair of headphones.  The defective pair was shipped back at Anker's expense and should just be a one off defect and the new pair works great."		
5	:	"I have written reviews for other Anker products and the same is true now. Anker is the best 3rd party phone accessory brand. These are great ear buds. They fit comfortably due to the many different sized ear attachments provided by Anker. They sound great and they don't fall out easy. I bought these because I stepped on my old Anker Soundbuds Slims and broke them, I chose Anker for New ear buds this time and I will next time as well."		
5	:	I was skeptical. No doubt now these are fantastic. I bought them to replace my jabra sport paces. They looked similar and I prefer the over the ear hold. They sound amazing. Have an excellent fit in the ear. Includes multiple pieces to change and customize the fit. Very good sound quality. Extremely happy. Hands down would purchase again compared to bigger name competition prices.		
4	:	"Better than expected, especially for the price. Comfortable and great sound isolation, the loops over the ears also let you loosen it up if you're running and need to hear outside noise.The sound is thin but can't expect Bose quality sound from these. The highs are clear but little to no bass."		
3	:	"Got these on September 30th. After 2 months of hard workouts, they kind of just stopped working. I???m not sure if they got too wet from sweat or what happened. They turned off my music 4 or 5 times, and when I turned them off to try to restart them, they just stopped working entirely.They fit really well, I like the sound. They just didn???t seem to have enough water resistance to lots of sweat. That???s really my only guess."		
4	:	"They are comfortable and sound good enough for me when I???m walking in the city. Apple Ear Pods fit my ears perfectly, so the default attachments these come with ended up feeling the most comfortable for me, but the small ones seem like they would be helpful for people whose ears don???t fit the Apple ones. After a few months one of the earpieces came apart and exposed the wires. I wrote to Anker as they were still under warranty and they shipped out a new pair within a day, and were very helpful. Would reccomend."		
1	:	"I bought these two months ago. The main selling point to me was the 12 hour advertised battery life. Two months in the left earbud received static in between my workouts and I am lucky if they hold a 2.5 hour charge. It came in an excellent package, it would have been great if they lasted."		
4	:	Worked well for 3 months but all of a sudden the right headphones volume is just above a whisper while the left one is  deafening. Can't use both at the same time now. It's a bummer because they were very good at firstEdit**Anker reached out to me after my review to talk about the issue I am having with my headphones. They walked me through some possible fixes. None of them work so they replaced my dysfunctional pair with a new pair that work great. Very good customer service		
5	:	"The headphones themselves in terms of sound/build quality are more like a 4 or 4.5/5 but the customer service was amazing! One of the earbuds got crushed in my backpack (totally my own fault). I emailed Anker Support about the issue, and in less than a week I had a replacement in my mailbox! They were extremely polite, professional and helpful! So even though I do think the sound/bluetooth connection quality itself could be a little better, the headphones are super comfortable, super convenient and knowing that Anker Support is amazing makes this a great purchase."		
5	:	"I have 3 pairs of Anker Soundbuds.  I thought that I had lost my pair of SureFits on a trip so I bought a pare of the Curve to work out with.  When I first received them, I thought that I was going to have the same earfit issues I had with the SoundBuds wireless.  However, I found that these came with a memory-foam like bud in addition to the rubber ones and those worked perfectly.  I would say that the only issue I have is that the controls on one side often lead to the cord being lopsided, but everything else is great."		
5	:	"These are wonderful. I bought 9 pair of these for Christmas gifts. They are all still working and the sound is great. The Bluetooth is no nice to have and connecting them to tablets, phones, or computers work everytime. The product comes with customization options to fit your ears and provide hours of comfort listening."		
2	:	"I purchased these headphones in early November 2017 and was very happy with them until yesterday, when a little sweat somehow managed to ruin the right earbud so it barely puts out any sound. I wouldn't even be that mad if it weren't for the fact that this product is literally branded ""...Waterproof Nano Coating Workout Headset."" These literally didn't even last two months, yet I've had $10 earbuds that managed to survive longer.Anyway if you're looking for workout-safe earbuds, look elsewhere because these'll crap out on you at the first opportunity."		
5	:	"Had them about 2 weeks, and I love how they fit. No budging during workouts, good sound, and the soft ear hooks are perfect. Love these!"		
5	:	"Nice functions and durable only caution, for international buyers, they will only ship to your USA address, if you are using freight forwarders.So not worth the savings to buy directly from USA, if you want a local warranty."		
5	:	Great price. Easy to setup. The user manual is very small. I needed a magnifying glass to read it. Comfortable fit. Comes with several size of ear cushions to March the size of your ears.		
5	:	Decided to finally bite the bullet and try Bluetooth headphones. Couldn???t beat the price on these. The sound is astounding. I usually shell out for Bose and these could give them a run for their money. Great depth! Highly recommend them!		
3	:	"I bought this pair after I lost my soundbuds nb10 which were great for running but the sound quality was lacking, although the Curve has the superior sound quality they are poor running headphones I have tried all three pairs of wing tips and bud sizes and yet they still fall out while running. But if you're looking for something that has good sound quality while lifting or climbing while still being affordable these are not bad it's unfortunate because I really do like Anker products."		
1	:	It won???t take a charge long enough to even pair with my phone so I cannot review whether these work well or not. Now I guess I need to go through the hassle of returning them to Amazon.		
5	:	"These are great headphones. They travel well and stay in your ears when moving around. I bought them for a trip to Europe because I didn???t want to bring my larger Sennheiser Urbanites, and these are a great substitute. The sound quality is good and the battery life is amazing so far. I???ve gotten 30+ hours on them on 2 charges so far. I highly recommend and they are cheap too (I mean that price wise - they look and feel like a quality product that is well made)."		
2	:	"Let me start by saying I think you get a lot for your money when it comes to these headphones. The sound on these are pretty good, and they are quite comfortable because of the various ear piece options. Unfortunately, the left ear bud went out on me after about two months of use. The sound from the left ear bud is very low and almost non-existent even on maximum volume. I am disappointed and will not be surprised when the other ear bud goes."		
5	:	"After owning the Anker Sound Buds Curve for about 6 months, my Sound Buds stopped working. I contacted Anker's Customer Support through email and they promptly tried helping me out. They provided me with some trouble shooting information, and when none of that resolved the issue, they sent me a new pair. The new ones that I received work great! I was very impressed in the responsiveness of Anker's customer service and standing by their product! I will always consider Anker when looking for a new electronic device or product!"		
4	:	"For the price, these are are great! I compared it to my brother's $100 Samsung BT headphones, and these have a deeper bass. I like the fit, because I use them for working out and wouldn't need to charge them for a while since they are good for 12hrs. I have taken showers with these and they are still working fine. Highly recommend them if you want some good wireless earbuds for under $30.The only thing I didn't like is the charging cover, it kinda flimsy and I always feel like I'm gonna rip them out."		
5	:	Excellent! Not a big fan of Bluetooth but these fit so well and sound very good.  Very comfortable and secure - great for working out.  Best part may be the super support and service from Anker.  I have several of their products and their customer service is absolutely the BEST!!!		
5	:	"Headphones arrived fully charged. I broke my old pair of $150 earbuds and was looking for a cheap replacement. But these outperform the old ones, are a lot cheaper, are smaller, have better bluetoith range, and have better battery life. Once again blown away by an Anker product."		
4	:	"These are a great pair of headphones for a low price. The sound quality isn't particularly great, but again, they're pretty cheap. They have a great battery life, charge quickly, and appear to be pretty durable. The rubber coverings on the actual headphones tend to pop off pretty easily and I lost them all, but other than that I haven't had any problems with function. Good buy for the price, but don't expect more than what you pay for."		
5	:	I rarely make a comment on product. but this one made me do one.The best of best in the range of 50 bucks. And this one is just for 20.I can not believe it. This is much more than what price says.I have ordered couple of others and returned it within a day bcz one had issue with ear fitting...another had connectivity problem..one more had battery issues...all there were in range from 25 to 75..And here is what i exactly wanted...in 20 bucks...Go ahead give it a try...it won't let you down. I have already ordered 3 more of these to gift my relatives and friends.		
5	:	"Was surprised how long battery lasts.  They are not as low-profile as they appear, but aren't obnoxious either.  They come with several ear pieces, so fit is good.  Audio quality is good from both speakers and microphone.  Easy to pair."		
1	:	"Owned the product less than two weeks and barely got in a dozen runs before the charging light went out, the left side speaker started giving off feedback, and after just a few charges the device is no longer recognized when I try to charge via the USB cable. Last pair of Bluetooth headphones lasted more than three years before running into issues, so definitely disappointed in the quality of this product. Packaging was well done and sound quality was pretty good while it was working, but will not purchase again."		
5	:	"Purchased these in Jan 2018, used them often, they fit me well and have good sound and great battery life. In July the right side earbud quit, no sound or barely audible on full volume. I sought help under the 18-month warranty and it works. Filled out a warranty form on the Anker website. They contacted me in a day or two with suggestions on how to troubleshoot, but nothing helped. They shipped a replacement a few days later. Great service, great result. Great company, I think."		
5	:	I love love love theae headphones. I think they are better than my B&O and beats headphones. Seriously they rock. Dont let the price make you think they arent a high quality item because they 100% are.		
1	:	"Worked awesome for the first 8 months, now the left headphone does not work. I???m pretty disappointed, I???m very careful with my things and have taken good care of these headphones.  I only use these to work out for an hour to hour and a half a day 5 days a week. Now it???s back to the wired EarPods!!"		
1	:	"Thse were good for about 3 months, but after a while they become quiet and have low sound and quality. I found removing the tips would help, but still were very quiet. With both in I could clearly hear anything around me."		
1	:	Pairs easily and fits well. However I find the sound quality to be very poor compared to even my cheapest headphones. Sounds very high pitched and there is a while.		
5	:	"Good headphones for active people who need a secure fit. Tried dozens of others and they still fall out in the end. Sound quality is good for the price (note: ""for the price"" is the important part). They're no Shure e315/e215 but they're also not $200.Phone calls are cristal clear and battery life has lasted me 6 hours so far and I'm about 1/2 down the battery bar indicator on my phone.Anker is a better brand than a lot of these other cheaper $20-25 wireless ear buds (active style)."		
5	:	"I bought to match with my case and they do perfectly. The sound quality is great until the battery gets low then it cracks a little, but the battery lasts all day at work so that's okay. And I love all the sizes for my ears and they fit my earlobes perfectly without sliding I have small ears and they are nice a snug"		
3	:	"The headphones work fine, but I'm disappointed in the sound there is absolutely no bass or treble been trying for days to find a way to adjust but there is none. Got a pair wireless less known brands and the bass, treble and sound quality is amazing and these are just meh. Honestly just imagine loud talking and music with no boom behind, its kind of annoying."		
5	:	"I have been using these earphones for over a year now and they are hands down the best bang for the buck. I can go whole days without having to charge them, and the sound quality is fantastic. I lost my first pair, but I loved them so much I bought another pair.However, after a month of use, the power button stopped working, so I sent a support email to Anker customer service. They got back to me very vast and in a few days they sent me another pair free. Highly recommend this company and product."		
5	:	Very nice headphones. Good battery life. Lasts pretty much all day.  I really liked being able to choose the right sized ear plugs to fit my ears.  The standard plugs hurt my ears but one of the included plugs fit fine.		
5	:	"Best bluetooth earbuds I've had. My only issue is that I would have liked the controls to be positioned lower, if you're running or jumping it might be a little annoying with it bouncing off your cheek."		
1	:	I just got these for my husband and they don???t work.  I can not return them because the window to return the item is closed.  Money waisted.		
5	:	"Not only are these headphones great but also the company as well; amazing customer service. The first time I ever had an Anker product go bad and they replaced it instantly, and even without having me go through the fuss of having to send the faulty unit back.TL;DRYou can depend on Anker to have your back on the rare occasion that your product goes bad within the warranty period."		
3	:	"not bad, thought they were dead after light use in 3 months but they seem to have come out of it and are working fine as of now. sound is just ok no bass whatsoever but I expected that other than that they are decent as long as they keep on working."		
2	:	Worked well for six months and then died during a run. Tried charging and it just turns red and then turns off. Tried multiple cables and chargers. Nice while it lasted.		
1	:	"Received my package today and the headset would not turn on until it was charged, then once it was charged i tested them out only  the left ear bud worked no sound came out from it all all. So then i turned the headset off and back on to see if maybe that would work and yet not a sound fron the left ear bud"		
5	:	"Love these for working out. Had them for about 6 weeks now with no issues, battery lasts about 2 weeks of 1 hour workouts. Sound is good and more importantly for me they stay on through out my workout and don't get in the way or feel heavy on my ears or hit against my neck. I forget I'm wearing them."		
5	:	Love these wireless ear buds!  They look sort of bulky and at first I was sure they'd work for me.  But once I put them in my ears...bliss!  Sound is excellent and the range extends at least a couple hundred feet on my office.		
5	:	"These are one of the best sounding earbuds I've owned, crisp highs and great lows, doesn't fall out of my ears, really long battery life and it even survived an accidental trip through the washing machine. It still sounds great and still lasts a long time, but now it smells good too. I think I'll buy some of these for my nephews."		
4	:	"They provide a very good costumer service. I bought them in April 2019, and after about 4 months they suddenly stopped working in the middle of my workout. They are supposed to be sweat proof and I've been always wearing them while working out. I contacted the costumer service and explained the situation. They were very helpful and friendly and send a replacement right away. They new ones have been working perfectly fine so far and I hope they don't break again while I am exercising."		
2	:	"I bought these headphones and after a month they died. Completely unresponsive, dead.  When they worked, they worked fine.UPDATE August 28, 2018: I contacted ANKER and they are sending me a new pair of headphones. I am upgrading my one star review to a two star review. Because of their customer service and how easy it was to get a new pair."		
5	:	"So far so good with these and so far, Anker has not let me down with their product quality.  Good clarity and good bass.  Paired easily with iPhone.  Comes with plenty of ear pieces for the perfect fit and a carrying case.  Bought another pair as a gift."		
4	:	"I had bought these headphones back in December 2017. Overall it is a great product!  Unfortunately, the headphones stopped working in August 2018. However, I would like to add that Anker???s customer service is really good. They replaced the headphones without any hassle. Kudos to the support team."		
4	:	"They are great earbuds/headphones. The ear hook are really soft and most time I forget that it's around my ear. I also wear glasses with them and they still feel very comfortable. The sound quality is good. Its has a little bass to it, so if that's not your style then these headphones are not for you. I can have them on for about 2 hours before they start to really hurt my ears. Anger also include about 6 pairs of the ear gel, so there will definitely be on that can fit your ear shape."		
5	:	"So far, so good.  They've worked for me when I've used them and come with a nice case.  They get a bit uncomfortable in my ears after an hour or so, but I've not experimented with the other earbud pieces yet."		
5	:	These are great...and are in par with if not better than my $129 sony headphones.  The battery lasts 12 hours plus in my use and the sound quality is great.		
5	:	"wow, these are really good for the price and you can feel the bass a bit which isn't alway the case with earbuds, especially wireless ones. They are honestly a good buy for someone looking for good with decent sounding and long lasting wireless earbuds without breaking the bank"		
5	:	"I bought these after returning another ~130 worth of headset since the earlier one just didn't fit in my ears. I must tell, that the quality oif earbuds fo Anker are beyond par the >$100 ones. It fits in like a breeze and you can leave it there without feeling any stress in your ears. Amazing material.Now when it comes to sound, I am pleasantly surprised for the quality that these <$30 earbuds deliver. I am yet to use it long enough to comment on charging, but I will surely recommend this to friends and family. A must buy!"		
3	:	"For the price, its a OK buy.  The overall sound quality an AVERAGE at most.  If you like me, want more bass and much louder sound, than this is not the one.  On the plus size:  very comfortable fit and nice looking.  Good luck 2 all."		
5	:	The soundbuds curve are great headphone for exercising headphones with an amazing sound culety. The items promesse 12 hours of battery life. the headphones last that longer on standby and gives me 13 to 14 hours of batter. All the components that are elustrated come in the package. In all this headphones are great and affordable for anyone who does not want to spend a large amount of money for good quality headphones.		
5	:	"I used to have the powerbeats 3, but sadly they were stolen. I bought the Anker soundbuds as an alternative so i can save up money for a new pair. However, the sound quality is the same if not better than the beats, which i found shocking. The only thing i do not like about these are the hooks are a bit too flimsy compare to the beats but as long as they have great sound that all that matters."		
4	:	"These are really good for the price. There is a notable lack of bass so these shouldn't be your choice if that's important to you. Other than that, these phones perform well and have good battery life"		
3	:	"Massive disappointment.  The 12 hour battery never lasted longer than 4 hours without dying, and after 5 days of use, shut down and won't charge.  Requesting refund, surprised to see such a shoddy product from a company with a good reputation like Anker.Edit:Anker was generous enough to send me a new pair quickly.  Through one day of use battery life already seems improved.  Will keep using and re-evaluate.  Regardless of product, their customer service is certainly excellent."		
5	:	"These are better than expected.  Most earbuds won???t stay in my ears, these do and they go above,your ear to ensure they don???t fall out.  The quality of sound is great.  Wish I bought these before the numerous ones I did and didn???t like."		
5	:	This was my first time order anker heaphones. I normally order charging wires and portable chargers. This headphone is great. I have the Beats headphones that look like this and they equally sound great and it's on the cheaper side which is great!		
1	:	They were great but after only 2 months have stopped working. The blue light is on when charging when it should be red and when I unplug them they won???t stay on. I???d love to give 5 stars but really disappointed that they no longer work.		
3	:	"changed my review after it stopped working 10 months after I started using it. Giving it 3 stars just because it had good quality while it worked. Not sure what happened to the power button all of sudden, no red or blue light indicators working. Looking for a replacement now."		
4	:	"They're comfortable, have good sound quality, and the battery life is solid. I did have an issue with my first pair after about 6 months, but Anker's support team was great about addressing the issue quickly. As others have mentioned, the volume control and power switches on the right side can be a bit distracting if you plan to use them for exercise, but they're a good fit for more casual uses. Overall they're a great pair of headphones at a good price."		
2	:	"The earbuds look nice , light weight and stay in your ear. But the controls don't work , the pause/play wasn't working. Another thing it kept disconnecting, even when I was holding it. Don't know if I got a defective one or not."		
5	:	"They're fantastic for the price! Great sound, though not noise-cancelling. They also come with a variety of bud sizes and a cute little round zipper pouch with a clip so you can take it anywhere. Definitely worth the price, will buy again for sure."		
5	:	"Great sound.  I work remotely and use this as my headset for my conference calls.  Feedback from clients is they can hear me loud and clear.  They stopped working for me after a few months, so I called Anker customer support.  I received a new pair within 2 days.  Phenomenal service."		
5	:	"Earphones stopped working a short while after buying them. Anker customer service sent another one free of charge and they've been working great. Really great customer service with extremely fast response times.Overall, the material quality is great, they don't slip off when running or when sweaty, sound quality is pretty decent considering they're wireless and they have a fairly long battery life. Would buy again"		
3	:	"With this amount of mney, it performs so so. It is really annoying for me when i wear it for over 30minutes cause it is getting to hurt my ears. The sounds is ok, not really good low bass"		
5	:	These sound as good as my $100+ expensive head phones.  They stay in place and super easy to use!		
5	:	Some of the best headphones I've had yet! Only complaint is I notice if my phone is in my left pocket and my arm blocks the path sometimes it gets a  static noise and can cut out. Otherwise the sound is great and I love the bass. I have the sound core speaker as well and it's amazing for how small it is!!		
5	:	"I was looking for a second pair of headphones looking at reviews found this ones, at the beginning I thought it will be good but when I start using them I was surprised for the sound quality. I???ve owned the Powerbeats 3 and this ones give you more balanced sound without loosing the bass. Battery life I???ll say it???s about 11 hours using with an iPhone and about 9 1/2 using with android I don???t know why. Thank you Anker for this product"		
5	:	"Better than beats according to my husband. I too love them. Got a pair for both of us. Good sound, different sizes for your ears which I like. I found my perfect size. Good sound and the charge last along time."		
2	:	"The sound quality is mediocre; there is literally no bass. Forget about using the mic, people couldn't hear me besides a terrible background noise.  I also didn't like the battery weight that leans the cable all the way to the right side. The only thing I liked was how easy it is to fit in your ears. I just bought this product so I can't comment on the durability of the product though."		
5	:	"They worked perfectly for my 30-minute jog outside. I like the 3 button interface. I like the sounds it plays when it turns on, connects, and turns off (my last pair would just beep, these play sounds that make sense). Also, I was able to connect these to my smartwatch (Samsung Gear S2) and listen to music while my watch captured details about my jog.Update: Anker has amazing customer service and helped me with a problem quickly."		
5	:	"Long lasting, great sound, and perfect fit.  are usually don???t like where is your buds, because they don???t fit my ears well. These Anker earbuds fit my ears perfectly and have great sound quality. Battery last a long time and perfect for my workouts ."		
4	:	"The first set I got, worked for about a week, then things started getting funky. The buttons got stuck (normal use, I wasn't jamming the buttons or anything) and kept restarting every song after about 30 seconds. Then it stopped charging.  I called customer service and Ashley was fantastic, told her what was going on and they sent me a replacement pair within a couple days that work great. Love Anker."		
5	:	"Fit really well. Lots of adjustment fittings. Great sound. My most expensive ear buds has been a pair of $60 Klipsch, so that is what I am comparing them to. Great quality, as always, from Anker. I use them at work with my Anker bluetooth transmitter. I hope they continue to expand their product line."		
1	:	"Got these on April 10th. They were working great. Decent sound quality. Good fit. But on April 19 (not even 2 weeks later) they broke. They won???t turn on, or charge, and they randomly turned off mid workout, which left me high and dry, without music for the rest of my run. I???m kinda disapointed with the quality of these."		
5	:	"Purchased as a Christmas gift. After owning and using at the gym for about 3 months the headphones died, but were replaced immediately by Anker support. No questions asked. Great product for the price."		
2	:	"After 4 months, the right earbud has stopped working intermittently. They were never mistreated, and always kept in the case when not in use.Edit: Anker sent me a new pair due to the issue noted above. I will update this review if any issues arise with the new pair.Edit2: The new pair broke within two months.  The issues with both seemed be caused by sweat while running.  If you plan on using these for high intensity exercise, I suggest looking elsewhere."		
2	:	"Headphones work, seemed comfortable for the short time I wore them.  But I am definitely returning them.  The treble was harsh - to the point that within 5 minutes of putting them on for phone calls, I reverted to the speaker phone and stopped using them.  I know I'm a bit of an audio snob, but I guess I didn't realize how much until I tried a 4-star product and returned after 5minutes of use."		
2	:	"The headphones are fantastic for the price. However, mine broke from moderate use within three months. The adhesive for the on/off button fell off, rendering it useless. Can't even turn it on with a pin (which I would have done since I only use them at the gym). Perhaps my pair were faulty. Aside from my issues, great pair of headphones ??? decent battery life, comfortable, good audio and bass quality. Two stars for my experience."		
5	:	"Great sound and bass especially.Had a problem with battery life and they contacted me promptly and had a new pair sent out to me fast. I am very satisfied with their customer service and product quality. The battery lasted 12 hours, maybe a little more, listening to music at a normal volume in the house"		
2	:	"Upon receiving these earbuds, I was very impressed. Sound quality was okay, the build quality was great, and they stayed put in my ear all through my run/workout.  That being said, they stopped charging after one use.  I have not been able to get them to turn on after the first use.  Overall, very good sport earbuds if they had not quit working for me."		
5	:	I have had these fpr ablut 3 months now. They are good quality earphones. The mic quality is good too.		
4	:	This product work great but unfortunately broke after a couple months of use. Very upsetting.		
5	:	"High quality, especially compared to knock-off copycats, with decent dynamic range. I like that they stay on my ears (most earbuds and I do not get along), are semi-waterproof, the Bluetooth connects quickly most of the time, the battery seems to last forever, and the built-in controls are handy. The carrying case they come with is awesome too, and helps store them without terrible tangling."		
5	:	"Great headphones, got rid of bose and beats x buds after o decided to try these! Battery life is around 12 hrs and you don???t feel the need to baby them at the gym because of the price, will not auto switch devices, you have to disconnect from one to go to another but no deal breaker for me. Will buy again"		
1	:	"The first day of using it I lived it, but after charging it only once, the earbuds didn't want to charge again. It just goes from orange to blue, like if its chraged at 100%. But once I connect it to my phone, it just turns off 5 seconds later. I wish this didn't happen since looking at the reviews and price, I felt like I was getting a great earbud"		
5	:	"Product arrived fast, about a week since ordered.Sound volume and clarity is really good compared to previous bluetooth headphones i had (xiaomi, jbl)Loved that the in-ear silicone piece that helps the headphones hold is removable - since it always bothered me because of my relatively small ears. the ""hook"" behind the ear is very flexible and lightweight , doesn't ""annoy"" and doesn't make pressure to the head - barely feeling it.Didn't test if it is waterproof, but it survived my sweat so far :)"		
5	:	They sound good when listening to music or talking on the phone. I use them everyday at work but I have noticed they cut out every now and then. It's happened about 10 times in a month. I'll turn them off and back on and reconnect them and they'll work again. I love the fit and feel.Update: Anker got in touch and are sending a new pair and a USB charger. Great customer service!5 stars		
5	:	"Just wanted to shout out how fast and streamlined Anker's customer support is.  Passing the 8th month of heavy daily usage, the plastic cover in one ear fell apart and I was a bit concern if it was ever going to be fixed or replaced.  However, just after a few conversations back and forth with a seller, AnkerDirect, via Amazon message center, voila, I am getting a new one. Super convenient. I'm impressed."		
1	:	"These headphones are comfortable, sound great, and work well.... for a month. Mine stopped working. wont even turn on. I'd love to try them again but I hate spending money on anything that doesn't work. Very disappointed."		
2	:	Got the package- seemed like a good quality product. The base and sound wasnt as good as other similar sport wireless bluetooth items but the price was great.Problem is after 3 weeks- the bluetooth wouldnt turn on at all. Even after powering the earphones- the earphones dont respond and cant turn on. Contacted seller for feedback.		
3	:	"These worked and sounded great for one or two gym trips and then the Anker's would not charge or turn on. Amazon was great with the return. I give them three stars because Anker's customer service is great. Unfortunately after evaluating a second pair, they also failed after a few weeks. They are not water resistant. Normal head sweat from running will cause them to fail after a few gym trips."		
2	:	"First pair I bought worked great for a while, then just suddenly died. Won't charge or turn on. So I bought another pair and they sent me everything except for the headphones. I'm done. The picture is the box immediately after opening"		
5	:	"Nice deep bass, treble crisp, not tinny. Comfort great with the multiple size ear buds. Blue Tooth connects so quickly. Great product for theprice."		
5	:	"I use these for running, and I love how long they stay charges, how easy it is to clip to your clothes, and how quiet they are as you jog along"		
5	:	"Love them!  I just wanted them for the gym.  With the microphone, you can use them with your phone.  They don't work that well with WhatsApp, though.  I can go at least 20 feet away without noticing a difference in quality.  Carrying case is convenient."		
5	:	"I love these!  Great sound for the price and the battery life was a pleasant surprise.  I can use these all day without every having to recharge, they're comfortable to wear and never slip off."		
4	:	"Came complete with a case and replaceable buds. I find the volume controls to be weirdly placed because it's a little weird to use the buttons.However, I love the battery life, it's beautiful and Anker is one of my fave brands!"		
5	:	I use these as spare headphones that I just leaving in my bag charged up just in case of emergencies. But they are very comfortable sound great and totally worth the price		
5	:	Love these. I have them in 2 colors. I wear them when I listen to books as I walk and they work really well. Sometimes people have a hard time understanding me when I am talking on the phone.		
5	:	"Love these. I'm not a fan on the rubber fittings that most earphones have adopted these past several years, but these come with several size options included. The foam pieces are the ones I use. Also with the wrap around design i dont have to worry about them falling out. Great product for the price A+"		
2	:	"Loved my Anker Soundbuds Curve headphones! But then they stopped working... Last week at the gym, I was listening to music on the treadmill when the music just stopped. At first I thought it was an issue with the Bluetooth connection, but everything there checked out. A few minutes later the headphones turned off and I have not been able to turn them on and reestablish connection since. Hopefully there's a way I can send these in to get checked out or replaced."		
3	:	"I wish that they had planned the volume knob better. It hits the right side of my face especially in the gym, which is annoying. They sound great, cancel out lots of noise and are enjoyable besides that though."		
5	:	I really like these. I've had several ear plugs (wired and blue tooth) in the past. These are my favorite. They sound good and hold on very well. I like the design and these would be great for exercising.		
5	:	"These earbuds are some of the best wireless earbuds I've ever used. They've got a long-lasting battery that gets through an entire weeks worth of use without hassle. Their construction quality is rock solid, and I was pleased to find the assortment of earbuds and inner tips provided within this package. More than anything, these are made by Anker- a company I recommend to all my friends and family due to their quality control, great products, and astounding customer service. You won't regret making these your next Bluetooth headset!"		
5	:	"These exceeded my expectations. They sound great and they don't fall off. The only thing you cannot do is change songs from the dial, but everything else is great."		
5	:	Most comfortable bluetooth earbuds I have had.. No problem with fit and sound quality is spot on.. It comes with an assortment of different sized buds to adjust to your specific fit		
1	:	"I loved the fit/comfort. The sound was excellent. I use them at the gym, walking, hiking approximately 7-10 hours a week and only had to charge them once a week.HOWEVER! I received them October 27 and the right headphone ear stopped working less than a month later..... I use these constantly and am really disappointed. Maybe I just got a bad pair?Overall, seemed really good but then I was really disappointed."		
2	:	Mic went out after 2 weeks of use. Sound quality is just ok but that should be expected for the price. Battery life is good.		
5	:	"Connected with my iPhone in less than three minutes without having to read the included instructions. Comes with a 6"" charging cable from Anker. Excellent sound quality and is able to be hidden easily for work."		
5	:	I have other Anker brand products such as a battery charger and portable bluetooth speaker. Expected same quality of product on this headphone and I did not fail. I bought other brand bluetooth headphone before this but it keeps falling down from my ear at workout.This has a hook-type holder which did not fall down from my ear even at fast running and jumping. Solid product with good sound and price. It has longer battery life based on their AD so I will see if it is correct. 5 star so far.		
4	:	"I use these for running and lifting. They stay put in my ears and I only charge them once a week. Obviously the sound quality is lacking and the bass is almost non existent but they are cheap as ****, comfortable and sound good enough for the price. The range is decent too, I set my phone in a corner of my garage and walk around the 20x20 space with no interruptions. If you???re looking for cheap wireless earbuds to workout then buy these."		
5	:	"Was looking for a good pair of Bluetooth headphones and found myself looking through a ton of brands I???ve never heard of. Saw these and since I have a battery stick for my pone from Anker that I absolutely love I figured I???d give them a shot on these. They haven???t disappointed, comfortable, great sound quality, good mic, great battery life. Definitely recommend."		
4	:	"I first received a malfunctioning set, which very kindly Anker told me to keep and they sent a new pair which works perfectly. Really appreciate the after sales service!.About the product, i'm still very consistent in the fact that the sound quality is not perfect, but the value you get for the price is more than acceptable. The 5 sizes of earbuds they provide made them fit me like a charm and they don't fall when i'm running."		
1	:	"Poor product. Only worked for 4.5 months, after that time period the headphones would not turn on or charge. I used this product lightly during cardio exercise 1-2/week. I would not buy again and expect more from an electronic product. I titled this post garbage, because that is where these headphones are at in less than 5 months."		
5	:	"The headphones stopped working after a 40 minute run. Was sweating a lot, so this must have been the reason.Anker contacted me directly through Amazon and asked for some details, like serial number.They then asked me to reorder them and refunded my purchase price.The whole process was very friendly and helpful, and I received my new headphones in a matter of 4 days.I am very satisfied with this entire process."		
5	:	"These headphones are great for HIIT style workouts, weightlifting, running. Customer service is also awesome. One of my earbuds cracked and they shipped me a new one (under warranty) within a few days."		
3	:	"I was very surprised with the sound quality of these headphones. They pair easily and the battery life is great. The only downside to these headphones is that they aren???t really waterproof and not very water resistant. I may just sweat a ton but the power light stopped working after a month of use. After a month and a half of use the whole device stopped working. Great price, great sound, just don???t get near sweat or water. I expected more out of sport headphones."		
5	:	"battery lasts for days. Interviewed applicants for 4 hours non stop yesterday online using these and the battery still over 60%. Sound is clear, but they are not built for music lovers."		
4	:	"The sound quality and pairing process were acceptable, but one of the headphones fell apart after just a few months of normal use (the wires detached because the pieces fell apart at the seams where very weak glue must have been used). That in itself is an unacceptable design flaw that makes any redeeming qualities irrelevant.Edit: Despite design flaw noted above, customer service provided prompt resolution by replacing the item for me with no additional charge."		
5	:	"I ordered this for my daughter, and she is extremely happy with it. The way it feels on her ears, the extra parts, the sound, and even its case. Anker makes good stuff."		
1	:	So my wife loved these ear buds and the first time she used them they stopped charging.  Now the units do not work at all.  Only had these since Jan2018.		
5	:	"Absolutely a dynamite product!! I;ve always gotten great products from Anker and this is another one. It is simple to use, puts out great sound and it fits the bill for use when I'm on the treadmill."		
1	:	"I've had two of these headphones - both failed miserably and rather quickly, with minimal use.  The first pair was replaced under warranty and the second pair that are in my ears now are dead, again.  I wanted to like these headphones, but the product just fell short of expectations. The biggest issue I've had with these headphones is the unreliable connection it makes with the phone.  The first set I had encountered severe static build-up in the left ear bud, which progressively got worse over time.  After a week of use, it just got so bad that I decided to stop using them and contacted Anker.  Customer support was really good and they sent me a new pair.  I've used the 2nd pair, for maybe 10 hours and I'm going to have to toss them again.  Connection is intermittent and the headphones are rendered useless."		
4	:	"The sound quality is amazing, and the battery like is really good. They're light, and overall just really good earbuds. I had a problem where the first pair I got stopped working, and customer service was really responsive and got a replacement in 3 days of making the complaint. I did notice if you get the inline volume changer/charger wet, it will start to cut in and out/disconnect. Overall, for the price, still a great pair of earbuds."		
5	:	"No headphones fit me. They always fall out or are irritating. These headphones are incredibly comfortable and never fall out! They come with a large variety of sizes and they buds are easy to change. It???s easy to use, isn???t too loud and comfortable for an hour long gym session. Plus! I accidentally left them in my jacket and they got put through the washer and dryer- I thought for sure they were done. Not so. They worked and there were no issues. I highly recommend these to anyone!"		
5	:	"I read on Lifehacker that these were among the best Bluetooth headphones on the market (especially for the price). They were right. Amazing battery life, great sound quality, and they fit securely in my ears. Already the best pair of Bluetooth headphones I???ve ever owned."		
5	:	"I have had a terrible time trying to find headphones that would fit, stay in my ears and were comfortable for long runs. These fit the bill in every way. I have been running three or four times and they never fall out, slip or feel uncomfortable. The sound is good quality and the bass in more upbeat songs does not cause any crackling. They were easy to set up and the battery life is great! I have yet to recharge them. For the price, you cannot beat these!"		
4	:	"First impressions, these work well. Battery life is solid, audio is solid, and the microphone is good for calls. One minor annoyance is, if you are using these while running, the microphone piece will bounce and cause thumping in your ear (sounds like bass).Will update in a few months with updates."		
5	:	Love these earphones. Was made at myself when I broke the last pair. These are a little different but well worth every penny.		
5	:	"These earbuds are amazing.  They fit well, have plenty of attachments to find the perfect fit, and work okay with my glasses.  The sound is rich and realistic, and it cancels out noise around you pretty well."		
5	:	"Finally caved in and bought a pair of bluetooth headphones for the gym and the only regret I have is that I didn't do it sooner. For $20 on black Friday they deliver better sound quality than the BOSE headphones I used to have, are comfortable, and the battery lasts for weeks. Overall they were a steal for the price I paid and if they broke in a year I would happily buy another set."		
3	:	"I received a set that was malfunctioning.Able to charge and play from one side.No sound on one side.Have tried pairing with other devices but no difference.The company has refunded me, but i still have no earphones....not sure if i should order again"		
5	:	"Absolutely LOVE these..comfortable, stays in your ear perfectly.. just awesome....recommend them to all."		
1	:	"I've had these for less than five months with moderate to little use weekly (at most 2 hours a week). The sound is good not the best and they hold to your ear.  The microphone is only suited for calls in quiet places, not city conditions. All expected with such an affordable price.Biggest complaint is the right earbud went out and will make no sound. Through trouble shooting with multiple devices it's just a crappy build. Very dissatisfied considering how little use I've gotten out of the product."		
5	:	"Incredible sound quality, the fit is perfect and worth every penny. Buying a second pair for a gift. Love the fit inside the ear, this is a pair of earbuds I can actually use running without them constantly falling out."		
5	:	Great sound! It pairs easily and arrives with many bud options that make it easy to fit in any size ear. Highly Reccomended. It charges quickly and works for a long time.		
5	:	"They work even better than expected. The sound is clear with the right amount of bass, which creates a pleasant experience. if you watch movies with then you will be able to have a theater quality sound in your ears."		
2	:	"Take this as you will-I use Bluetooth headphones for the gym. My headphones get about 8 hours of use per week while dealing with constant charging, wear, store, and play.These h???phones sound good and have decent bass.The cord connecting each h???phone is longer than average.The left headphone died completely after 3 months of use."		
3	:	"I ordered these after doing some research. They are decently priced and for that price the sound quality is awesome. My only issue is I use these for work and they do not stay in one place very well. The clip it comes with works fine to hold the cord to my shirt, but the tie to keep the head phone cords close always comes undone and I pull the buds out of my ear. I wish there was a better way to hold them together. I would say if your using these for workout they will be great"		
5	:	THESE SOUND BUDSWORK GREAT. SUPER SOUND AND NEVER FALL OFF MY HEAD  EVEN WHILE JOGGING AND LIFTING HEAVY WEIGHTS THESE PUT MY EARBUDS TO SHAME AS THEY ONLY LASTED 3 MONTHS AND CONSTANTLY FELL OFF IF YOU COULD EVER FIGURE OUT HOW TO TURN THEM ON AND OFF!!		
5	:	The battery life on these are incredible! I charge them nightly and listen to music and Audible daily for 8-10 hours and they have yet to go dead. Comfortable on the ears too. Would recommend and purchase again		
5	:	Great headphones for the price.  The only annoyance is they beep whenever the volume is close to max.  But great sound when compared to beats.		
5	:	These headphones work great compared to the true wireless headphones I have been buying for the same price on eBay.  The wire is kind of annoying after being wireless for a year but the sound is so much better that I'll deal with it. I have also used LG Tone headphones in the past and these sound 10x better for half the price.I do use Poweramp for Android which has an equalizer that does improve the sound quality. The same equalizer didn't make my old headphones sound this good.		
5	:	"Gave these as a gift to my son, he loves them ! He especially mentioned the terrific bass response."		
4	:	"These buds stay in place and are very easy to use.The battery lasts most of the day for me.The sound is good , no nothing like my fancy Sennheiser headphones.But fine for listening to the TV with a bluetooth tranmitter or with my Samsung Galaxy S6 while biking, hiking  etc.An EXCELLENT  value."		
4	:	"Had them six months and they've stopped taking a charge - aka dead. The mini-USB port to charge them is very poorly designed.UPDATE:NOTE: Amazon for some reason wouldn't let me exchange them - past the replacement/exchange period I guess, which is pretty lame. However, Anker contacted me about this review and immediately sent out a replacement pair no charge. I hope this new pair holds up because I really do enjoy using the product."		
2	:	"These earbuds worked amazingly for about a month. After being used three times a week for a month, the device???s main power button failed, making them completely worthless. Wish I would have put in the extra money for a more reliable pair to begin with."		
5	:	"Incredible sound, quality of materials and the Anker support, simply the best, even better than Beats...highly reccomended!!!!"		
3	:	So I've owned these headphones for just under 4 months and these headphones no longer recharge.  For the past month or so they've held less and less of a charge and as of yesterday they will not charge at all.  Prior to this issue they were great for cardio sessions and I was a huge fan of the wrap around style as I knew they wouldn't fall out during a run.  Wish they would have lasted longer than 4 months.		
5	:	"Very comfortable, pretty long battery life, good sound quality, and you can adjust the volume right from the headset. It also comes with extra pieces so you can adjust it to your ear size. Perfect for working out, or any activity really, since it solves the problem of having long wires get in my way!"		
5	:	"I was looking at many different headphone products. I wanted something that would stay on during cardio, sound good but didn't want to spend $200. When I bought these my husband tried them first and loved them so much I had to buy a new pair right away for myself! They sounds really good and stay in place! There isn't a reason to spend an arm and a leg on a different pair of headphones."		
4	:	"What I like the most about these Anker Bluetooth headphones they're comfortable they sound good and the very affordable for the product you're getting now the least I liked they sort of felt a little cheap sort of contradictory but for the price I paid for you can't ask for something better the ones I had prior to this were the Beats X and they were terrible ....Great Job Anker, I'm very happy"		
5	:	"So, this is my second pair and wow! I keep one in my house and one in the car, battery last long and almost forget I???m wearing them. Sound is comparable to much more expensive wireless buds and at a fraction of the cost! Highly recommended."		
4	:	"These function as they're supposed to, but anything that happens around me echoes when I'm wearing them."		
5	:	"I have to admit, I'm waiting for these things to stop working anytime.  But let me say why.  I cannot believe how good these are!  For $30, the sound, the fit and the quality have far outperformed BEATS headphones that I had a year ago and stopped working after a few months and those kept falling out of my ear.  To clarify my first comment, I'm knocking on wood because they seem to be an unbeilevable value for the price and the quality."		
5	:	"I had issues with my head phones, and when contacting their customer service team, Shelly was a huge help. She walked me through the steps to determine what was wrong and eventually sent out a new pair as the red ones I had purchased were defective. She made every effort to assist and I appreciate the effort she put in.I'll definitely be considering Anker on several other purchases in the future."		
5	:	"Similar to the Anker SoundBuds Slim in function, fit, and style as well as price point/ value for the cost, the Curve have very favorably impressed me.While heavier than the Slims, the heft is not particularly noticeable and the long battery charge is great.  Sound and sound isolation is good as is call quality.  No need to spend any more to make the move from corded headphones to wireless.  And Anker customer service is top notch."		
5	:	Great sound and at a fair price.  The first set I received were not working properly and the Anker Customer Service team responded to all my inquiries immediately and shipped me out a replacement within a day.  I've been using my current set of ear buds for the last few weeks to listen to music as well as participate on conference calls with no issues at all.  The ear buds also paired within seconds with my iPhone X.  Thanks Anker!		
5	:	"I???m a fan of Anker. Their products have been great.....and when they stop being great, warranty support has been really responsive. I bought a pair of these after my Beats stopped working (and the warranty ended). The sound was much better than I expected. I listen to all types of music and the bass is awesome. I workout pretty hard and I tend to sweat quite a bit. They???re very comfortable to wear for hours and the battery lasts multiple workout sessions. I usually charge them up after 4 days of use just because I don???t want to risk a dead battery.NOTE: like a few other reviewers mentioned, the first pair died suddenly. They turned off and never turned back on. I tried changing them, different cable, etc. to no avail. I contacted support via Amazon and had a replacement in three days. The serial number on the small USB cable that comes with these earbuds is very important.I would highly recommend these earbuds. You can???t beat the sound and build quality for the price. The fifth star is for the warranty support and great customer service."		
5	:	"These buds are phenomenal!! I seriously can not brag on them enough. Great base, crystal clear, ZERO distortion (even at full volume) and you can???t beat the battery life I???ve rocked these for 7 hours with no fade I guessing the 12.5 hour manufacturers claim is very close to accurate. I consider myself an audiophile...I???d give these 6 stars if I could. Every product I own made by Anker exceeds my expectations consistently!"		
5	:	I bought this for my husband and he loves it. He takes it to the gym when he works out. He said it's a great fit and it doesn't fall off easily like other headphones.		
4	:	"I'm noticing a startling drop in battery life after four months. For the price, it's still good, and I would buy it again, if they continue to offer it in black. Nice mix of bass and treble. Great for Metal and Classical."		
1	:	This product is so poor! Used it only a few times and battery life decreased drastically after every use then quit working all together! DONT BUY AND SAVE YOUR MONEY! Seller won???t even reconcile broken products. They must know it was built as a one time use disposable product		
1	:	"I loved my Anker mobile charger so I bought these headphones.  After less than two weeks of use, they started having sound problems and then melted where the charger plugs in.  The only good thing I have to say is that they did not burn my house down.  Do not buy."		
5	:	Rich bass tones and clear treble. Sturdy and does not feel cheap. I use them at the gym and they have been able to put up with sweat and being ripped out of my ears when I'm done. Great product.		
5	:	Excellent value on these headphones. i love the fit and the fact that they wrap around the ear; they are great for lifting and running. Exactly as I expected. I have not yet been disappointed by an Anker product.		
5	:	very comfortable. easy to set up. makes my long phone calls a hands-off delightful experience. clear sound. lightweight and i love the round soft zippered storage case.		
5	:	"This are nice headphones. Not the fanciest. But the hold a charge long enough to get me through the day, when necessary. The fit is good. they charge fully. I have nothing bad to say."		
5	:	"Oh man. Where do I start.Such a great set of wireless earphones. Use it daily at the office and the mic quality is not the best but is definitely above average.Battery life is great and for the price, easy decision to make. Do yourself a favor and GET THESE NOW!!!"		
3	:	"The headphones are pretty good for the price point, sound is pretty balanced too but I had to return the product because the length of the wire is pretty small which means that the ""mic"" is usually in back of your ears and the caller on the phone hears the background noise more prominently than hearing my voice, which is very frustrating tbh!Its a great product, make no mistake and pretty recommended too!"		
1	:	"Purchased a pair about 3 months ago.  They worked great for the first couple of months, about a dozen uses.  During the 3rd month battery life dropped off quickly.  I no longer get indicator lights showing it is charging or fully charged and batter life is down to less than half an hour.  They are no longer useful for any sort of activity.  I sent a message to the retailer three weeks ago via Amazon and have yet to receive a response."		
4	:	"For the price, the sound quality is really good and the main reason I kept them.  I deducted one star because the battery life isn't consistent and the buds do not stay in my ear.  The over-ear pieces keep the bud in place, but it would be nice if the bud had a good seal..."		
5	:	I am a runner as well as an avid gym goer. All I wanted was some headphones that were not constantly popping out of my ear. These headphones are absolutely wonderful!! occasionally I will have to apply some pressure to get them to fit properly again but only a couple times per hour. The sound quality is great for the price and made of very durable material. I can finally listen to music without wanting to throw my headphones at a wall.		
4	:	"I received these earphones a day earlier than expected, and they have been excellent so far (about a week of usage). They appear durable, easy to use, and slickly packaged. I especially like the controls on the neck, that make it easy to start and stop my audio books as well as turn the earphones off and the volume up and down. I especially like the little things they include like the different-sized earbuds and small clips to hold the wire."		
2	:	"Good price. Excellent customer service, very receptive and helpful.Update, second pair down. Going to just buy some beats by dre."		
5	:	"Originally, the product I had ordered was working great until after 3 weeks and the left earbud became nonresponsive. I asked for a replacement and customer service immediately got back to me and offered one without any delay. The one I have now works great so far! :)"		
4	:	"Good headphone. Long battery life (probably 6 to 8 hours, 100% volume). Sweat proof (I use these exclusively at the gym). 1 complain, the ear tips don???t seal very well so as a result, the volume is not as loud as it could be. Anker is you are reading, I would pay extra if you included foam tips."		
5	:	"So far so good! The sound quality it great, can really feel that bass. I was worried the wrap around piece would be uncomfortable, but as it turns out, I can barely even feel them. Love that it comes with so many options for earpieces too."		
5	:	"They worked great while I had them. Clear sound, easy to use. However, I couldn't tell when they were fully charged. Also broke after only 3 months (left earbud stopped working). They did their job but because of the short life I don't think I'll buy again.UPDATE: Customer service reached out to me and replaced them with no issue! It's likely that my pair was defective. Very friendly and efficient company."		
5	:	Sound is very low to medium. Not loud at all. I can barely hear anything when I'm running. Is mine defective?Update - after changing phones from LG G6 to LG V10 it sounds awesome and loud! Lg g6 user beware.		
1	:	"PROS:Great battery life, as advertisedDescent sound qualityFits my oddly shaped earsCONS:Glued seam came apart in 3 months (see image)Might be a bit bulky for some (but not me)Not much elseI will get straight to the point. Obviously there are many folks here who will eschew  the wonderful qualities of these earbuds, myself included, I do not question them.My work takes me on the road a lot and these earbuds doubles as a wireless headset as well my being one of two workout headsets (the BeatsX need a break sometimes, right?). In other words, I really put these earbuds 'through its paces"". After three months of ownership the  left earpiece tore at the seam, breaking off of the speaker from its wires. And seeing from other reviews, this does not seem to be an isolated case.Though this might not be indicative of your ownership (or prospective ownership) in three months, my concern is what is going to happen 6 months...1 year down the line. My advice be very ginger with these earbuds and they will serve you well for as long as the non replaceable lithium ion battery will last.Upon contacting Anker about the warranty, I was told to send the faulty earbuds and upon receiving said item they would 'begin the process' of sending me another pair. I am not sure if I will have that kind of patience..."		
5	:	Anker is rock solid company. Who knew they'd create headphone that's affordable and amazing at the same time.Is there anything Anker can't do right.		
5	:	These are good. I've had them for a couple of months and they have worked well in the gym and outside. Sound is good enough for me and the seal in the ear canal is quite good. I will get another pair.		
5	:	"I loved these headphones ... for the three weeks they actually charged. After less than a month, they no longer hold a charge.---So after my headphones stopped charging and I wrote this review, I contacted the company and they replaced them within a week. Good job, Anker!"		
4	:	"Xmas Gift for my brother he loves them. He says they're a little quiet,  over ear part isn't that comfy but its easy to adapt to. This came with many different sized in ear  pieces to fit different ears."		
5	:	"Bought these for my wife, who listens to TV or movies on her ipad to fall asleep. Battery life surpasses any other headphones we have had before. They are comfortable and stay put."		
5	:	"I really like these headphones and the added earpiece design is great for staying in place when working out, much better than my Beats3.  Had an issue with the original pair not taking a charge after a month and contacted the company and they had a new pair at my door in about a week.  Very satisfied all the way around with these!"		
4	:	"Comfy, great battery life. Great for podcasts but not music, sorry. Old low-rate-mp3 type sound artifacts because of old BT technology (no Aptx etc)"		
5	:	"I own many different kinds of headphones,  earbuds,  etc . I gotta tell you I was pleasantly surprised with the sound quality and the battery life of this product, the ear holder is slightly uncomfortable,should've used a more softer material but I still worth the money"		
4	:	"Comfortable, great battery life, and for the price - they're pretty damn good.But the sound quality is definitely on the tinny side ... shame they don't have the bass of something like the Apple EarPods"		
1	:	"I was very satisfied with the product until it just stopped working. It didn???t get wet, it didn???t break, it won???t turn on anymore. I only used 3 times a week while I lift at the gym. Considering I got the product on December 6th and it???s March 1st. 3 months in which I only used it 36 times for 1hrs each. Good build and performance but disappointing reliability."		
5	:	worth the price. I use it for workout and have to charge it once in a week. Price is good enough that you don't worry about it getting sweat on it.		
4	:	"I like them a lot, the quality of the sound is very good. So far they have been working well, there is some interference when I put my phone a bit away, but for the price it's still pretty good.I'll update when I use it more."		
1	:	"This product stopped working less than a month after I started using it. While it was working, the sound quality was decent. But I would not recommend as it does not last. Also, I am disappointed with Amazon for hosting such a crappy product on their website. I would think Amazon would do a better job of vetting their products to ensure that customers are getting the best value."		
1	:	plugged the ear buds in to charge overnight and the next morning the entire product was melted around the charging port.  Lucky this thing didn't burn my house down!		
4	:	I use these constantly I love that they are wireless the battery life is great.The only problems I have had is some crackles and random stops in playback.Also have to pair when I change devices are annoying.Update I still like these the only thing is they cut out sometimes and in a loud room I can hear the background and not what I am listening to.I love Anker products just wish these were louder.		
5	:	"Crazy, these are really well priced and work fantastic! We even made the mistake of leaving them in our gym clothes while we washed AND dried them. I wouldn't recommend that... however they still work perfectly. 5 stars for making an excellent well made product!"		
4	:	"These earbuds are amazing, I should have gotten them a long time ago.  Light weight, great sound, and very stable.  I highly recommend and you shall not be disappointed."		
1	:	Sound is good and audio quality is also nice for this price but microphone is really bad and my wife started complaining that she hears a constant noise from day 1. So I had to return it. Won't suggest to buy this.		
5	:	"I can't review the longevity or other performance yet for these, but so far I'm in love. Sound quality so far is MASSIVE, and perfect for working out. The stock inner-ear inserts fit my ears perfectly and comfortably. These sound like earbuds worth way more than just $30... Great deal so far."		
5	:	Excellent wireless earbuds. We have beats and these are better. The sound is clearer and the battery lasts really long. Excellent product!!		
5	:	I love these earbuds such a great value I love the batterie life will last all day while working good sound and good range		
5	:	Great headphones but not a deep bass or very loud....So anker read this review and sent me a new better pair of earphones this company went above and beyond great customer service.		
5	:	"Best quality Bluetooth earbuds, they don't fall out, they're water proof, I still haven't charged them some owning then for a week. They connect extremely quick. I have no issues with this product at all"		
5	:	"I purchased this the other day when it was on sale for $18.99. This is the best product I have ever purchased for the price tag. It has an amazing battery life, comes with many accessories that allow you to customize it to your ear which almost every other brand does not include. Very happy I chose to buy a pair of these."		
5	:	"Great range, super sound and I love the multiple insert sizes to fit the ear.  Anker makes the best products for the price."		
1	:	"Has no base. Makes it very hard to listen to music without the base, especially when in the gym which is my primary use. Battery does last a while."		
5	:	Just got these headphone today. The sound is beyond amazing! They fit super easy on my ears too which is really why I wanted them. You can really hear every detail of the music you???re listening to. I???m in love! Anker is now my new favorite. Will definitely purchase from them in the future. :)		
1	:	"Bought these a few months ago and loved the battery life, quality, how light-weight it was and overall a good value for the product.However, more recently when I was trying to change the ear piece the ear bud completely broke off! It was so disappointing! I'm hesitant to repurchase these if trying to simply change an earbud will mean destroying the headphones again."		
1	:	"This product is an absolute scam and garbage - it does not work after one week . I attempted to charge it after a week's use and nothing. I tried any which way, left it charging  over night nothing. I have  purchased anker products in the past and have had decent luck but this has turned me away from the entire brand. Don't waste your time or money, clearly these are overrated."		
5	:	"For the money, these are some of the best Bluetooth buds I have tried. They are super light, have excellent (excellent!) battery life, and the sound quality is great if you use the right tips to fit your ear. And they are waterproof.  Bets used for listening to music, as sometimes people complain about how I sound. I think this is mostly because of where the microphone is located on the cord."		
1	:	Don't waste your money. I had high expectations based on reviews which were probably bought. Went through THREE pairs. Why? Because I thought it would be faster to wait on a replacement pair than waiting on refund. All three pairs were defective before I asked for a refund. I was able to go on two thirty minute runs before each pair would just lose charge and not turn back on. Trash		
2	:	"When they work, they???re great. But I constantly have issues with them. They???ll randomly reboot or shut down completely multiple times within just a couple hours time span. The sound will cut in and out while using. Takes 6-7 hours to fully charge. Now they won???t turn on at all, no matter what I do with my phone or with the earbuds and I???ve not even had them 3 months yet. Would not recommend."		
5	:	"Decent build qualityExcellent battery ( easily around 5hrs )They might feel a little heavy on your ears depending on your previous pair of earphones, but I got used to their weight quite quickly.Decent sound as well, but Bass is pretty lowIf you want good base, I'd suggest J&L 100 which are also sub $20 range"		
1	:	Terrible mic. Terrible on Windows 10. the sound is terrible and they disconnected often. Awful on iPhone. Was told I sound terrible and muffled when trying to make a call. These are awful		
5	:	"So far, these work great for the price. Good sound. Wish I knew how much battery the buds have through the app tho. Nice zip case too."		
2	:	"Bad sound quality overall. Also i tried using different sizes for better fit, but it just starting to feel uncomfortable"		
3	:	"Sound quality is good for the price.Bluetooth works fine on my newer devices, I noticed the sound would cut out when watching a movie on my older tablet though - this made them unusable for that.Mic has a buzzing sound on phone calls and I don't quite sound like myself.These have been downgraded to my yard work headphones, I'll have to find something else for making phone calls."		
5	:	"Easy to put on, fit soooo well, eliminating outside noise effectively. Bass response is outstanding. Buy these."		
4	:	Hubby loves these more than the $90 ones I got him for Christmas! He used these yesterday while snow blowing and said they are super comfortable.		
4	:	"These earbuds are the best and sleekest looking wireless earbuds I've found and liked to use.  The lack of a neck band makes wearing these comfier than those with.  The only thing I'm not a fan of are the huge bricks that go next to your ear, but I'm aware they're a necessity due to having to have wireless receivers.  Overall, worth the $30, would buy again."		
1	:	Well these headphones were going good until they just stopped working they charge and turn on no more and I've only had them for a week		
5	:	"I love this Bluetooth headset, the Bluetooth range is better that beats and the time in playing music is better and sound is better , thank you anker for taking such a good quality headset and the price is much better . Love you ANKER"		
4	:	"I like my music to be super loud, so I was a little disappointed when it didn???t go as loud as I liked. Great for workouts , however very difficult to use on the phone"		
3	:	"Easy to use, basic function to expect from sub $30 earbuds. Have not jogged with them as of late so don't know how well they would stay in place on ears. And I trust the brand. That said I would buy Anker earbuds again."		
5	:	I love these. They last all day while I'm working.The other people at my work have to charge their Bluetooth headsets at lunch.Very easy  to use and they don't fall out.		
1	:	"I went through four pairs of these before giving up. They all died after my first or second run with them. Anker tested them: They died due to sweat! They're advertised as Sport and I killed four of them.I've always liked Anker products in the past, but these were very disappointing."		
5	:	"Great sound, bluetooth connection that's easy to connect and stays connected. Best of all the battery seems to last for such a long time. For the price this is a great value!"		
4	:	"EXCELLENT for the gym! Good value, Anker comes through trumps again."		
1	:	"Used once and loved it. Sound was good, the earbuds stayed in while I was running on the treadmill.  Went to the gym 2 days later and they wouldn't turn on so I just figured the battery was dead.  Got home and tried to charge it and nothing would happen. Tried different outlets and cables and nothing would work.  I knew the price seemed too good to be true, at least amazon makes returns easy."		
1	:	"It has the worst mic for headphones I have ever used.I think anyone for looking for a good quality head would agree with me. Returned after tried.not recommend unless you only expect some sound coming from it.Anyway, it is cheap though. I cannot imagine how cheap it will be when it comes out the factory...."		
5	:	"Anker SoundBuds Curve Bluetooth Headphones, Wireless Sports Earphones 12.5 Hour Battery Waterproof AptX Stereo Sound, Sweatproof Workout Headset with Built-In Mic and Carry Pouch??I just got these and so far they have great sound and connected to my devices quickly.  The battery life, sound and price all combine ot make this a great choice."		
4	:	"25 foot range and okay bass. Fits great in your ear, awesome for running. Definitely would recommend to a friend."		
5	:	A little bulky but the sound quality is great and battery life is awesome		
5	:	"These are not high end headphones.  Having said that, they are absolutely fantastic running headphones.  The previous bluetooth headphones I have tried have always had too much battery weight.  I ran a marathon in these in January and they weren't even noticeable."		
3	:	Made well and easy to use but keeps having issues staying paired or will stutter the sound.		
5	:	Perfect for gym. U can still hear the surroundings which helps incase.		
5	:	"UPD: excellent customer service. I was sent a replacement and so far they are working greatI've had them for less than a week and they jut died and stopped charging. Bluetooth connection also wasn't on par, sometimes giving crackling sounds and weak coverage."		
4	:	"Okay until it died.  Only 6 months old.  Charges and drains, Red light stays on until the batter dead.  No sound, No controls.  Not expensive, but still should last more than 6 months of light use.Update:  The company did replace my dead product and the new pair works well.  Shows they are working to make things right.  very pleased they did this."		
2	:	It works alright. Tends to drop the signal pretty frequently. Decent for doing cardio related activities.		
5	:	"Once again great quality from anker. Got these to take conference calls for work. They fit perfectly,  call quality is great. Definitely worth the purchase."		
5	:	"These headphones are great, the sound is pretty good. They do have more bass to them than other headphones and they stay in your ear nicely with multiple size earbuds to fit right. The battery lasts a while and the Bluetooth distance is okay. Well worth the money."		
4	:	"Pros:- great for calls, excellent soumd quality during calls.- battery life.- inexpensive.Cons:- high frequencies sound muted when compared to PowerBeats3. Just not crisp enough. It is perfectly fine for workout but not the best sound to enjoy the music to the fullest.- overall volume is lower than PowerBeats3."		
1	:	"I did like these headphones, used on treadmill for a couple of weeks.  Randomly stopped working/charging one day.  Also the in line controls makes for a fairly large piece of plastic dangling off the right ear.  I found that slightly awkward when running, if you weren't looking directly straight ahead the cord would tend to bounce up and down as a result."		
2	:	"I bought these headphones in late December (less than 3 months ago) and all of a sudden they???ve stopped working. I noticed during my workouts that the sound kept cutting in/out and that the battery would all of a sudden drop from full to empty noted on my Bluetooth headphone connection. Now, it has just stopped charging all together. I???ve changed ports, cords, adapters, etc. and now they just do not work at all!"		
5	:	"In my original review, I noted the fact that these headphones didn't last the full 12.5 hours as advertised. Then, an Anker representative contacted me and sent a new pair free of charge. I've tested this new pair, and can say that these headphones work for the entire 12.5 hour duration. Very satisfied with the headphones and extremely pleased with the care given by Anker's customer support."		
5	:	"The cups that fit in your ear canals are so nice and soft - doesn't hurt, no discomfort.  I feel comfortable walking around with these and can hear my environment."		
5	:	"I love the sound quality of these earbuds.  I had a problem with my first pair of earbuds because after a month they wouldn't hold a charge.  I contacted Anker and they helped trouble-shoot the situation.  We realized that they couldn't be fixed, so Anker replaced them for me.  I appreciate their quick response and helpfulness.  Alex and the Anker team were great."		
5	:	"Sound is pretty good and they are definitely worth the price , super easy to pair and holds a charge for quite awhile.Highly recommended"		
5	:	"Great price performance! Last two months I have been using it and no issues. Every time it connects to my iPhone 7s, and battery lasts pretty long. Sound quality is very good for the price. It doesn???t look like a cheap earbuds, I am very happy with my purchase."		
5	:	My husband and I each had a pair. We both liked them initially but then one side broke on my husband???s set.Thought they were a good deal though. Returned one set.Anker sent us a new pair right away & followed up to make sure we were happy.		
5	:	"Great set of Bluetooth earphones. Very good range, battery life and design. I like that the charging port swivels unlike the SoundBuds slim that you have to bend back which seems like it will break after so many times."		
5	:	I've tried the other form factors that were far more expensive but I always come back to these.		
1	:	Stopped working in a month... This is the third item from anker  to just suddenly stop working. Two speakers and now this.. M i think I'm done with anker.		
5	:	"I bought this headphones because I used Anker's products before and I like them but I'm really desapointed with this one, the sound quality is not good. I though it will be betterMy experience with anker customer service was great!!! I had a complaint about this and  they did everything in their power to make me feel comfortable with my purchase!!! This brand is 100% recommended"		
5	:	Works as advertised. I get more than 12 hrs of continuous use. Dvd or mp3 sound is good.		
4	:	"I use these Anker headphones to listen to podcasts while on my daily walks.They are a great wireless set to listen to voice. I think if I listened to music very often, I would want something a bit better with more range. The bluetooth links up easily to my Essential Ph-1 phone. The headset fits comfortably and the earbuds stay in place."		
5	:	"These headphones have the best sound, design, connectivity and incredible bass. They come with so many extra earpiece sizes. But most of all is the AMAZING customer service by Anker. 3 of the 4 pairs I ordered worked up to standard. The 4th pair, which didn't work was replaced in the most hassle free customer service I've ever seen. You are garunteed the quality Anker stands by."		
5	:	"These ear buds are great, and sound is unbelievable, They fit comfortable in my ears and with the added wire give me a secure feeling of not falling out of my ear."		
1	:	"These headphones worked fine for 2 months, (2 uses per week max) and then suddendly the battery started draining really fast and then they stopped working a few weeks ago. I would return / exchange them if I could."		
4	:	"The bluetooth headphones sound good. People can hear me clear and very lightweight. Battery life is good too. One feature I wish anker added this feature to this pair and probably I might missed it on another anker bluetooth is caller id announce. That would help me know when I have a call coming in without having to get my phone to see who is calling. Other than that, it's a great buy. I definitely would recommend."		
5	:	"I was amazed by the packaging when I first got the package and opened it. Loved how light and cute the pouch for the earphones are, the material of the pouch and the earphones themselves is very smooth. it was very convenient to pair up with my phone. The sound quality is great and the extra buds definitely is a little plus. Most importantly, For less than $40, I think I've got a great value out of it!"		
4	:	I have tried so many Bluetooth headphones over the years and these are my favorite so far. I use them on my daily walk while listening to AudioBooks. No problems with them at all and always satisfied with Anker products.		
5	:	"I have never been so happy to buy a product, I loved excellent and above all very good quality I recommend them and the price is very cheap"		
5	:	Surprisingly good sound - noticeably better than the little Anker bluetooth buds.Plus the hooks do a good job of holding them to your ear.		
3	:	Definitely not a 12 hr battery life like it advertises. I'd say closer to 4-5 hrs. I've also had cheaper headphones with better sound. Lacks mids and lows.		
4	:	"Sound guilty is not as good as my LG one which cost around $45, but for the price it is good buy.There is an issue with some noise with high pitch sound. Anker's customer support is very helpfull for resolving this issue."		
5	:	In Ear sound quality is very good.  Seals well to the ear.  The mic on this headset is one of the best I have ever had.		
4	:	"Well built, good qaulity sounds, great battery life, good price, mediocre mic."		
5	:	"Son gives it glowing review (it was a gift). I don't know if it was supposed to be noise cancelling, but it is (unless he is just ignoring me)"		
5	:	"Great fit for the gym or outdoor activities.  Has a good battery life,  but best of all is pretty good quality and can take a beating."		
5	:	anker is on the same level as Apple products for a third of the price.		
5	:	I have bought different Bluetooth in the past but these have been the Best they have exceeded my expectations. I wish I could give 6 stars.		
4	:	"I had a more expensive brand that died after just a few months. These have much better sound. Good tone, good base it's out being an overly so."		
5	:	Great battery life. Lasts about 12 hours. Good range from my phone. Noice cancellation is great! Comfortable to wear. Easy to clean.		
5	:	Soon good these are some of anker's best headphones with lots of sound if your looking at Anker headphones I would say these are the ones to buy		
2	:	"When I saw that these headphones were sweatproof and had an 18 month warranty, I bought them because I sweat a lot. I figured I may have to use the warranty once after a year. It took two months for the first pair. Customer service was great. New pair came quick. Then it broke after two weeks. I have not called for a third pair. Very disappointed."		
5	:	The battery life on these are incredible. It truly gets 12 hours. Highly recommend to anyone looking for an everyday pair of headphones.		
1	:	"Occasional drop outs and disconnects with iPhone 8. Fit is good, sound is good for the price but the drop outs are disappointing"		
5	:	"It has surprisingly good sound, long lasting battery and good sound isolation."		
5	:	"Husband like them for working out, he said they stay on and are comfortable"		
4	:	One of the greatest Bluetooth headphones I've had. Its now broken but it was my fault. I should have kept it in the pocket it came with		
5	:	"These have great sound and fit great. I was hesitant to buy ones that go over my ear as I usually find those uncomfortable. These, not so. and the earpiece itself fits in my ear so well it isolates outside noise."		
5	:	"Long battery life (really long), great fit, and good sound quality for a great price.  Really big fan."		
5	:	Honestly I have the Bose SOundsport and these have a better battery life and are significantly louder-they last me like 12 hours and are actually really easy to use and cancel out some noise. I can't believe they're so cheap for what you get.		
5	:	Wife loves this pair.  Excellent sound and stay comfortably on the ear.  Last a long time on the battery recharge.		
3	:	"Earbuds worked great for 3-4 uses, then right ear suddenly died. Anker has been contacted. Will update rating when/if I receive a satisfactory replacement."		
1	:	After a daily use for a while i can say this is absulote disappointment.sound is so distorted that it just hurt.I bought it as second earphone but it so bad that i would give it as a gift to my step mom as punishment and  passive aggresive move on her.		
4	:	"long lasting battery, easily connects to devices, good sound. Echoing others sentiment that the controls should be a little farther away from earpiece (reason for 4 instead of 5 stars), but that is a minor complaint. great product, even better price"		
5	:	Bought other blue tooth head sets that lose signal but these are excellent.		
4	:	"Anker customer service was great. One earbud stopped working and they were super helpful. For the price, you can't beat this product. The sound is pretty good, and they're pretty durable."		
5	:	"Really long battery life, especially when compared to others. Great customer service! And they stay connected far away from my phone too!"		
1	:	The Spirit X Model is much better.  Will be returning the CURVE model		
5	:	"After some weeks with it on moderate use, I recommend the fones, very good, I use a lot with my iPhone and can be used while I do exercices.Is a very good brand that I would check again to buy new products.The battery as is promissed, last a long time without I need to recharge again."		
5	:	"Great, comfortable headphones.  I use them at my office desk.  A full charge makes it the entire work day.  Just great for the price."		
5	:	Updated review on 5/29/2018Replacement works great.Stopped working in around 1.5 months. Too late to return.		
5	:	Good sound quality at a great price; great for workouts and comfy to wear.		
5	:	"The product definitely deserve the 5star rating ,These perform and sound just as good if not better than the expensive headphones .everything they have said in the description is accurate to the letter and the customer service for this company is beyond impressive ..."		
1	:	"The earbuds worked perfectly for the first four uses.  After that, it stopped working completely and now it's too late to return/exchange."		
5	:	I own beats 3 headphones and wanted something cheap to wear to work cause I didn't want to ruin my beats. These are absolutely just as good if not better than my beats headphones. Worth 20 bucks for sure		
4	:	"Hi,The headphones were eat to set up and sounds great the only issue I am having is a buzzing sound when using them for phone calls. The person I am talking to hears a loud buzzing sound on their end. Other than that they are good."		
5	:	Bought this for a gift. She loves it. Wears it all the time. Speakers and microphone work great! Very clear when talking on the phone.		
1	:	Left ear speaker fell out after less than a month of use. Ridiculous.		
1	:	"Originally I thought these were nice headphones, but they no longer charge or power up. I bought them in Jan, its now May."		
5	:	These are great! Mic could be a bit better but can't ask for much at this price. Would definitely recommend!		
5	:	"For the price, you can't go wrong. Fits and sounds good. Sounds just as good as my $100 wire eat buds."		
5	:	"I had PowerBeats2 and these sounds as good if not better. They also give you multiple ways to customize how they fit in your ear where the Beats gave you 4 sizes The battery life is nearly double. And the price is 1/4. Great headphones, Buy Buy Buy!!!!!!"		
2	:	The good.  They are decent audio quality for the price when listening to podcasts or music.They are awful and disconnect constantly with horrible audio quaility when doing any sort of calling.  I end up having to disconnect them from the phone to talk on the phone.  Highly inconvenient.		
5	:	These headphones sound & fit better than the $149 pair I bought from another vendor. They come with a nice case and have held up well during sweaty workout sessions.		
2	:	I bought these headphones before I got the same issue. the left headphone slows down and you can't hear the music correctly.  Last time buying		
4	:	Gave it to my brother as a gift since he runs. He said they stay unlike ear buds that loosen.		
5	:	Best sound I've had in an inear headphone and the battery lasts a long time.Love them!		
5	:	You can???t beat these headphones for the price. Great sound and VERY comfortable. I don???t know why anyone would have something negative to say.		
5	:	I love this product and it definitely has pros and cons but in my opinion I don't see any issues with it other than its base being too high but i got used to it. Battery is awesome lasts all day or even two days based on my use		
5	:	These are great earbuds.  I like that they are light and comfortable.		
3	:	"Not loud enough. Cannot hear movie dialogue on an airplane. Yes, I put the best fitting tips on."		
5	:	"I have bought a lot of headphones from Amazon and by far, my boyfriend says these are the best pair he has purchased!! I would recommend these headphones for anyone who is thinking about buying them."		
2	:	Do not stick to the ears as supposed to. The controller on the stripes which swings a lot when running		
4	:	Anker???s customer service is amazing. My headphones randomly stopped working and I emailed customer service. They responded quickly and they sent me a new set after trying some troubleshooting. I only gave them 4 stars since the original headphones broke after 2-3 months of use which is hopefully not normal but I couldn???t give a perfect 5/5 because of that.		
5	:	My wife loves these earphones and she is really particular about the fit. They also sound great for the price. My wife uses them when she works out in the morning. We have a bluetooth receiver hooked up to the TV so she can workout and not wake anyone up.		
1	:	Had these for less than 6 months then the glue holding the ear piece broke off and ripped out the wires.		
1	:	"The earphones had good sound quality and eartips. Mids and highs were clear with some light punchy bass.Total battery life gradually decreased in time over the course of weeks, eventually only lasting 3 hours. It now no longer charges at all and is dead weight.Would not recommend this at all."		
5	:	"Lost my power beats 3 which T Mobil charge 200.00Searching in amazon found this brand anker which offer 14 hours i t looks like my last one better casing I like the controls that have in the cord it may be better than the one I lost plus more economical I could by 4  at this price. hopefully it will last me .the delivery was super fast. Thankyou Amazon ,Super please at the moment"		
5	:	Have had issues with the earbuds but Anker has stood behind their products with the utmost conviction.  They have now replaced my earbuds twice for the same reason without question.		
5	:	These are comfortable! I have zero issues connecting them to my devices. The pair quickly - as soon as I turn my phone on. These are great no fuss headphones!		
2	:	"The description says water resistant. I have now gone through two different pairs of the headphones that have each died after a run in light rain. I am rating so low because it says water resistant and it clearly is not that. Otherwise I didn't have any major issues with the set, and the sound was great for the price."		
1	:	These earbuds have very good sound and long battery life. I really enjoyed them until the right earbud came apart and became useless. Less than three months of easy use is just not acceptable. I do love anker products and have bought a ton of them. Anker is generally good about making a defective product right. I hope it is the same in this case.		
1	:	Great customer service best around but the product  has low volume and every time the mouth piece stops emiting my voice to the other party mind you they sent me another pair I told them they seemed to be working but just this morning my brother. Could not hear me save your money but Bose or  jbl never had that problem before with them		
5	:	Great fit. Great sound. Great price. Will definitely buy again.		
5	:	Many ways to make these comfortable. It did take changeing several times but worth it.		
1	:	"Received a very used and dirty item. Box seal was loose and dirty. Ear buds had smudges from usage, sweat and skin salt and dirt. Included items were out of their original packaging."		
1	:	The product fit well and sounded good on my end. The issue I have is the microphone is weak and there is a buzzing sound on the other end when on calls. What good is a call feature if the people on the other end can not hear you?		
5	:	So far the sound quality is great!  They fit like a glove and I didn???t have to adjust the ear pieces at all.  I am glad I read the reviews and decided to buy.		
5	:	"Good quality, bought these to use while snow blowing and future lawn mowing. The perfect amount of ""zone out"" you'll need (with the right music of course!)"		
5	:	"fabolous product. . .favorite headphones. .. in fact, I have them in right now."		
5	:	"So far  so good.  Have only been using for one day but good sounding, easy to pair and comfortable to wear for extended periods. Good value."		
5	:	"My likes are the clear sound and the service duration period.I later realised that the device could change the musical tracks after a long press of + or - signs. Therefore, I hereby retract the earlier wrong notion and apologize for the earlier statement."		
2	:	"I received the anker wireless headphones on Saturday, today Tuesday stopped working, you can barely hear anything. I thought it was more durable"		
5	:	"Good sound, comfortable to use!!"		
5	:	"I recently began using Anker products last year and they have never failed me. I have to say that these are amazing. I have incredibly tiny ears and always struggle with the correct size buds to fit in my ear, but don't worry! The box has a ton of different sizes, more than what you get from any other brand. The sound quality is also amazing! I'm shocked I paid $40 for these. I definitely recommend these!"		
4	:	"Had them for about a year, and they just fell apart today before I wrote this."		
4	:	These headphones have great sound and connectivity. The only issue I have a the ear pieces are a bit large.		
5	:	"Superior sound. Bass is very surprising for being earbuds, the wub wubs really bump. The battery life is absolutly incredible, lasts 2 full work days on one charge."		
2	:	"I bought these for a present for someone in another country. The person was happy with it, and it would take a long time between charges. However, a few months later I was informed it would not take charge any longer, and there was no battery available for it. Bummer."		
2	:	"These are great headphones, they have really good sound and fit really nicely.  I would recommend them.  If I could revise them on the second version, i would probably make the remote build into the right earbud.  I would also have it go up in volume 1 extra notch but not more.  The wire could be shorter.  Overall these are still a 5/5 for me the improvements are so subtle that I don't really consider it worth taking a star off.*update* I had one pair start cutting in and out and eventually die.  Anker sent me a replacement very quickly and within four days, the second set died. Good customer service on a product that needs to improve it's durability.*second update* I've spent some money on other headphones and I still like these the most.  If the durability improves, I'd take these over nearly all gym earbuds."		
2	:			
1	:	As with some of the other dissatisfied customers mine worked great until they didn???t.  I???ve had these headphones for about 45 days and they worked well until they began losing signal and eventually stopped working.  Now to figure out how to return them to the manufacturer since the Amazon return window is closed.		
5	:	"After couple months the battery is holding strong, they're comfortable. I don't like the audio control, it's heavy and makes the cord feel uneven but for the cheap price you get used to it."		
3	:	I've enjoyed using these 4 times a week at the gym for the last 9 months until they stopped charging. I sent an email to Anker and within a few days a new pair arrived. They're a great value and perfect for my application. I particularly like the ability to easily skip songs and commercials while on the treadmill.		
5	:	The Battery lasts really a long time		
2	:	"I liked the fit, styling, features, audio quality ( for the price )...But, I had to return because people complained about a buzzing sound when I spoke.  Tried troubleshooting, but always bad quality on the receiving end.  =\"		
1	:	"I've had my pair for less than a month and I've used them maybe 10 times and they already stopped working. I was in the middle of a work out when they shut off and when I tried to turn them back on, the red light flickered and I heard a faint 'electric' sound. They won't turn on at all now."		
5	:	I have yet to find an Anker product I didnt like.  These are comfortable and sound good.		
5	:	I love the sound buds. I even bought a pair for my daughter. I had to buy new ones for myself as the ones I had for a couple of months had one of the buds break off and wouldn???t work when I reconnected it. It then fell off and I lost it. I was upset but didn???t hesitate to order another pair.		
4	:	I liked these a lot until the stopped working after 5 months. Anker sent me a new pair		
5	:	I have been using these for running. Typically spend 1 to 2 at a time and they are great. Comfortable to wear. Good sound. Does not drip the Bluetooth like many others I have tried.		
5	:	"The headphones are very solid for the price. When working correctly, the battery can last for an entire week of gym sessions without having to worry about charging.Fit secure and don't bounce around while running.Anker also provides prompt customer service if you have any issues."		
4	:	First unit delivered did not work correctly.  The red charging light would not come on.  Anker immediately replaced the product at no cost and I did not have the hassle of returning the defective unit.  I try to buy Anker products when I can.  Their customer service is second to none.		
5	:	"Listing to them right now. Pretty amazing for the price. Great battery life, and sound quality. They stay in/on my ears while being very active (on the rare occasion when that happens) and are pretty resistant to significant volumes of sweat. Very good value for the money."		
2	:	Great product until the battery died 5 months after purchase.		
4	:	"Everything about these earphones is pretty great, especially the very long play time for every single charge. The only thing I don???t like is the little sound/tone that plays when you reach full volume, since it interrupts music playback, only for a good second, but nonetheless interrupted."		
4	:	"UPDATE..... Contacted Anker, and they immediately sent me new ear buds. Customer service was quick and excellent. They obviously stand by their products.ORIGINAL.....Great sound. Loved then until they stopped charging after only 5 months"		
1	:	Do not buy this. I've had pairing issues in the middle of runs and the battery stoped charging after 2 months.		
4	:	"I've been using these almost everyday for 2 months now and I love them. The sound quality is about the same if not a little better than Anker's other headphones. The battery life is great, I use them all day during a 10 hour shift at work and they haven't died on me yet. They don't get as loud as their other products but they still get loud enough. I love these headphones"		
5	:	I am very pleased with these earbuds. The sound quality is quite good and the earbuds are very comfortable.		
5	:	Awesome earphones! The hooks do hurt when they are usee for a long time. Otherwise they sound great and last a long time!		
4	:	"Good sound. Only used a little so far, but I think they'll work out. Fingers crossed that they last longer than the lousy Taotronics."		
5	:	"Excellent sound, very good bluetooth connectivity, Many listening hours for a single charging. Very good sports earbuds."		
4	:	Sound is mediocre but everything else is perfect. Can't really complain for 20$		
5	:	"The audio quality of this product went above the expected quality for it's pay. Even comparable to higher end headphones for a fraction of the price.I had a small issue with these but the customer support for Anker was exceptional and swift to respond, replace, all while maintaining professional courtesy."		
5	:	I wear these at work all day. After picking the right buds for my ears they block outside noise quite well. They do not block all sound since they do not block your ears but comfortably give great sound and last my entire work day.		
4	:	"For the price you can't beat them, but the sound quality is okay at best."		
5	:	Best earbuds I have ever owned.  They fit comfortably and securely.  They do not fall out of my ears.  Love them!!		
2	:	bad quality		
2	:	"I sweat a lot. I bought these because they claimed to be sweatproof. They died after about half a dozen runs. Just totally dead, won't turn on no matter how long I charge them.When they worked, I was satisfied with their performance. Money wasted in the end, though."		
5	:	"Best work out head phones. Doesn???t fall out, sounds great, pretty dang good"		
5	:	"The first pair I ordered stopped working after using it for a day or two, but Anker customer support was able to send me another pair, and so far, they work really well!! Very clear sound and it comes with tons of different size ear pieces"		
2	:	"I bought these to replace a wired headset I accidentally donated to one of the airlines on a recent business trip and they worked great at first when paired to my iPhone; then I got a new employer provided  S7 about 2 months after purchase and suddenly they just won't hold a connection for more than a minute or so if that long. I tried them again with the iPhone and now they won't hold a connection for even a minute before shutting off there too. Ditto for staying paired with my laptop. Something definitely went wrong with the Bluetooth transceiver on this very lightly used pair and these are now useless to me. I'm back to using an old wired headset while I see how Anker does on the warranty claim. While they worked, they were very good.Will update later.Contacted Anker Support after hours via their website & filled out their online form via their chat dialog. Received response first thing Monday AM that they are sending me a replacement per their 18 month warranty. Hopefully next pair will keep working because I like the freedom of the Wireless Bluetooth connection whether in the gym or at work and you have to feel good about a company that backs their products like that.January 25 Update Warranty replacement pair arrived 2 days after calling, shipped from Amazon on Anker's dime. BTW Anker Support said don't worry about returning the defective pair; so totally painless aside from the inconvenience. Got my fingers crossed.... really want these to last me for use in the gym and general use at my remote office. We'll see. I'll update again later."		
1	:	"The earphone is really great, the only problem is that it just worked for 2 weeks. Then it started not to work, stoped working during my runs and rnot charging.I brought it to Brazil, and there is nothing I can do about it."		
5	:	I wear these in the gym every day and I???m not afraid to say these sound buds have great sound for the price. The battery life is very long.		
5	:	The sound quality had met my expectations on the go. Battery stamina wise quite impressive indeed but depends on what genre of music you play. Overall it is a good buy!		
1	:	"First day of usage and brocked clips, what a shame Anker,And dont even contact seller, liars!"		
5	:	"These ear phones are solid all around.  From the fit (no slipping even after running an entire half marathon with them on), comfort (no fatigue what so ever), sound (crisp highs and mids, nice balanced bass), and battery life (12 hours!)  these are amazing!  You can't beat the price as well."		
1	:	"Buyer beware!! I used these for about a month and they stopped working altogether. The earbuds were actually very comfortable while they lasted, which made it even more upsetting when they stopped working."		
5	:	Buying a 2nd pair for when I can???t find the first one. These are awesome!		
4	:	Sound quality is better than most.  I was skeptical about these from the start but I have not been disappointed yet.		
3	:	"I used these headphones for just over a month.  I really liked everything about them.  Now, just after the return window has closed, the will not power on or charge.  Anker...if you are listening, I'd certainly appreciate some resolution here.UPDATE:  Anker replaced the buds without hassle.  Will change to 5 stars if they last this time."		
4	:	"Battery life is no more than 4 hours, even though they claim it is far longer."		
5	:	"Left earbud stopped working after a month and completely ruins the music listening experience.UPDATEDAnker contacted me after this review and sent me a new one free of charge, this the kind of customer service that keeps me coming back and purchasing their products."		
5	:	"Super impressed by these headphones.  You cannot beat them for the price! Good range, LOUD sound, and decent bass."		
5	:	Very nice sound. Definitely better than the Amazon Basics I used to use. Highly recommend.		
3	:	"They were great to start, but after only about 6 months of use, they wouldn't charge or even light up when plugged in to charge and now they're just totally dead. Bummer, they were pretty good headphones for working out when they worked."		
5	:	Good sound and stays charged for a complete 12 hour work day. what more can you ask for a this price point.		
5	:	Liked them so much I bought the new green and gave my barely used black ones to my daughter. Fantastic value and comfort.Would appreciate some large foam ear canal things.		
1	:	They broke within a month. Anker sent me a second pair under the warranty and those broke within about a week. Anker's customer service responded quickly to my emails and refunded my money but the product itself just didn't work.		
4	:	"Good product while it worked, but they crapped out after 3 months. 2 months into owning them the lights stopped displaying but they still took a charge. Now they won't take a charge or turn on.EDIT: Anker actually reached out and replaced the headphones with a new set, and they work again. Pretty darn good customer service!"		
4	:	Fantastic sound.  Great battery life.  Comfortable.  Stupid location for the controls.		
1	:	"Stopped working after less than 5 indoor uses.  Would not pair with my iPhone.  The blue light remained lit constantly, and even when holding down the power button, it would not go out."		
4	:	My son uses them for working out after dissatisfaction from two sets of high dollar sports beats.		
2	:	I would not recommend; they hooked up easily to Bluetooth and the sound quality was good; the issue was that they died in the middle of the 3rd use and could not be revived; expected more from Anker; thanks to Amazon for an easy return		
5	:	"A friend recommended these headphones to me and needless to say, I am obsessed. I use them for work mostly and they block out all of the noise around me. Sound quality is great and the battery lasts forever. Also great with phone calls!"		
2	:	"I liked these.  Used them 4 times for a week while running...then they died.  Completely, just dead."		
5	:	The headphones are really good and I like the sound quality and ease of use too. Unfortunately the first pair broke down after a few months but Anker Customer Service was great. They sent me a replacement headset (brand new) and that works like a charm.I am very happy to recommend this product.		
5	:	"I love headphones I got them recommended by a co worker the noise canceling helps a lot at work, love the little bag/pouch thing it comes in. It???s not too loud but it???s just the perfect sound I recommend it to like 20 people already!"		
5	:	These work great but can be a bit awkward to get used to waring and putting on.		
5	:	"The batteries last way longer than specs mention.  I haven???t tracked it exactly, but I???ve used them close to 40 hours before having to re-charge."		
1	:	"I ordered these as a replacement for an identical pair I had for more than 2 years. I wore these one day when thy stopped operating during  workout. They would not charge, nor would they turn on.Thoroughly disappointed with their performance"		
1	:	I purchased these Bluetooth headphones was very  excited about them since I've purchased other anker product's.Use them two times now they won't charge they don't work at all.I had some Photive-ph BTE70 Bluetooth headphonesSound quality was not the same like anker Bluetooth headphones but they lasted for about two years.		
5	:	Difficult ri hear but great design		
5	:	Excellent sound quality.  Comfortable and very easy to use.  Excellent follow up by CustomerSupport team.		
4	:	"Work well enough. Had a pair that stopped charging after a few months. Won't comment on why it stopped working, but the Anker customer support (Shelly) jumped on it right away and sent me a replacement pair with minimal effort on my side. Very happy with their customer service."		
5	:	I've bought a few and so far this is the best. Easy to use. Sound is clear.		
1	:	"These work just ok-barely.  There's NO bass end at all, only treble.  Seems like there should be some way to adjust the sound so there is at least some bass.  I'd return them if it was worth the hassle."		
4	:	As advertised. Great sound. Easy to use and set up.		
4	:	"Although these lasted about 6 months before they were replaced, they were replaced with very little effort as they were within the 18 months warranty. For the price, these are incredible! Definitely get a pair if you're looking for some bluetooth headphones to go to the gym with or go jogging etc."		
3	:	"The sound is great, the fitting options are really good, build quality nice, but the design has one major flaw--when hanging around your neck, there is nothing to keep them from falling off. I lost mine a few weeks after purchasing them. Loved them while I had them, just wish they had a magnet to keep them around your neck when not in use."		
3	:	"Maybe it is this kind of small driver earphone, I find the sound quality is unbearable, returning it"		
5	:	"It???s a beast, your college best friend. Anker support team is wonderful, your not losing any money here !!"		
5	:	Great audio quality. Very comfortable to wear and no technical issues.		
5	:	"I've used a number of wireless headphones over the last few years and am immediately a bit fan of these.They are very comfortable, stay in the ears during exercise and synch up easily and consistently with my phone.So far, they have outperformed more expensive products from competitors."		
5	:	"the right headphone speaker stopped working on the unit after 3 months.  I texted Anker Customer Support and with in a week, I received free replacement headphones and they are working great.  Great Job Anker!!!!  That???s why I usually order Anker if offered."		
1	:	These headphones were fine for the price and had decent sound quality... until they didn't. I had them for 2 weeks when suddenly the right ear stopped working completely. A few days later the left ear got super tinny and doesn't hold much of a charge. Maybe this one is chalked up to faulty assembly?		
5	:	Didn???t want to spend ???beats??? type money. Just replaced a pair of beats I broke with these and I am ver happy. Every bit as good...deep clear bass. Would buy again		
5	:	Handles music nicely and pairs readily. Very comfortable.		
5	:	Received a week ago. Worked great out of the box. Stays in/on the ears well - lots of fit options. A great buy.		
5	:	"I purchased Beats a year ago and they already died so they were pretty much a waste of money. To be honest, I like these so much more than those beats. The beats hurt my ears and these are very comfortable. And the sound is clear with better bass than my beats. I LOVE EM HIGHLY RECOMMEND!"		
2	:	"I loved it. Sounded great. 4 months in, the right earbuds volume is so weak, that i have to turn it up to max volume to barely hear it.Update: 7/21/18- Anker immediately sent me a replacement after seeing this review, and those lasted 3 months, but the right earbud broke again"		
2	:	You get what you pay for		
5	:	"I have been purchased 4 sets of this product. 3 or them were given to my brothers and one set it's mine. I'm really happy for it. The sound is great, awesome bass... very good quality. I totally recommend it."		
5	:	"Loved these so much I bought a second pair for a friend as a gift with full confidence that it will enhance their earphone/work out experience. These are so comfortable and have much better sound quality than the stock iPhone earbuds, and I even like them more than the Skullcandy earbuds I use for work."		
4	:	Excellent value for the price.  I'm very happy with the purchase.		
3	:	Using the headphones for work. When the headphones are completely in your ear they are noise canceling- however the sound is choppy. Keep hearing the song come in and out and feel like the connection is not steady.		
5	:	Had only 6 months and unable to use because it won't take a charge. Bummer. They were great when they worked.Even though the earbuds stopped charging after 6 months Anker sent me a new one. Thank you Anker. I appreciate it!		
5	:	"Awesome! Far more worth it than $100.00 buds etc. Nice sound. I personally could use a little more base but if i saw these in store and listened prior to purchase I would still buy. The battery life alone is worth it. Stays in your ear, road march in a down pour two hours no problem. I bought two more already and gave as gifts."		
5	:	"This is one of the best blue toothe devices I have ever used!  I have answered the phone with no issues as well, and very comfortable on my ears.  Love it for walking and exercising, going to try it for running!"		
1	:	"I took it out of the package and paired it to my phone. The right ear did not work, so I restarted it and tried again with no result. Paired it to another phone and the right ear still did not work. Very disappointed."		
4	:	Great value and works really well. Been using it during my walks and on my iPad to watch videos. Obviously not as good as higher end ear buds but does the job. Would highly recommend to anyone not looking to spend a fortune.		
5	:	"Update!  My original pair split apar, but an Anker representative emailed me offering to replace my broken ones the same day! Excellent customer support!  These are worth 5 times as much as they're selling for! Great sound, good fit exceptional battery life, and excellent customer support!"		
5	:	"This has been a great pair of headphones. Lightweight, comfortable, good sound quality, and long battery life. After about 6 months, they started having issues charging--but I contacted their awesome customer support team, and they got me a replacement pair straight away."		
4	:	I use them at work stays in place sound is pretty clear.		
5	:	"These are very nice, they do not fall out of my ears like most ear buds do. Holds charge long time, perfect for workouts!"		
1	:	Went bad quick		
5	:	"These work well for my runs. They don't fall out, play good quality sound and the battery lasts."		
5	:	So far so good. Got these headphones pretty cheap and the sound is pretty good! Very happy so far! Comes with a lot of extra ear bud pieces to make sure they really do fit in your ear well.		
5	:	"For the price point this is by far one of the best sounding headphones i have owned... i have tried quite a few at this price point for instance phaiser... this out performs all of them in terms of sound quality and clarity, battery life and especially comfort... highly recommend this product"		
5	:	"Great ""head phones!""  The sound quality is great, they fit well and you cannot go wrong with the price."		
5	:	"These Earbuds sound great and no problems with the bluetooth loosing any connection.  They are very comfortable, especially the memory foam ear tips."		
4	:	I like them when they work which is 80% of the time. They disconnect a lot to your phone.		
4	:	Was disappointed with the first pair of these I received but after returning the customer service provided and the replacement pair I've received that work great I'm happy I bought this product.		
2	:	"Really great at the beginning, I used it everywhere. I liked the sound quality and comfy enough. But then after a few months the Bluetooth started getting glitchy until eventually the left earbud was almost silent. So even if I would have recovered it at the beginning, a two month lifespan is something I really don't like."		
2	:	"The product build quality, sound and battery life are quite robust, especially given the price provided. However mic is abysmal. It regularly points away from you, picks up all the ambient noises and pretty much useless in public place. If you receive calls on your phone, this product is not for you."		
3	:	"These are good for active wear, particularly running / workouts. Not for music lovers/ detail oriented folks. I found them to lack the bass that I generally crave for.Sync and pairing is good - I believe thats hygiene. Battery life hasn't been fully tested yet as I use only for workouts."		
5	:	Love be these ear buds! I wear them at work for 8 hours and they last throughout the day. Volume control on the wire is very handy as well as the pause button. They are comfortable and noise cancelling. They also come with a nice hard case.		
5	:	"I purchase this headphone because of the microphone so people could hear me well but they are no good to answer phone call everybody complain that they couldn't hear me well that they were hearing just static.[UPDATE] Anker, wrote to me and send me a replacement and the new headphones work great."		
5	:	I have learned how to use these and absolutely love them. The clarity of sound is fantastic.		
4	:	DEAD 3 months later. Used only 2-3 times a week.Edit: Was sent a replacement. Will see if this one holds up.		
5	:	Great sound good battery life I'm not picky about my ear buds but these sound just as good as 100$ pair I own but better because there wireless		
1	:	"I purchased this product just over a month ago and after my first usage was unable to recharge it.  I called the company and was sent a second one within a  week, but the second set has exactly the same issue as the first.  The battery will not recharge so the headphones do not work!!!!"		
5	:	Amazing deep clear sound I didn't know an earbud could produce.		
5	:	"Best sound quality. For the price you get a lot. You get extra ear fittings, a carrying case, and the Soundbuds. Would recommend to anyone."		
5	:	It last long! 16 hours! its awesome		
5	:	"Quality product, been using at work, in the gym, running for the last 6-7 months. Would highly recommend in terms of best bang for the buck for wireless headphones.I easily get around 8-9 hours throughout the day and haven't noticed any material decline in battery life."		
3	:	They are decent wireless headphones for the price. I do not know who on Anker's design team decided it was a good idea to have a non-adjustable controller. I would give it another star or two if the controller was between the two earbuds and not permanently stuck next to the right earbud.		
4	:	Clear and noise canceling. Last really long b4 the next charge.  I will definitely buy this again.Less one for inability to pair 2devices at a time.		
5	:	They are comfortable headphones that fit nicely. I have found other bluetooths with similar structures to be heavy or cheap. These are great and quality for the price.		
5	:	Excellent headphones! I only wish they had these except ones with the button functions on one if the headphones and not attached to cord.		
2	:	"I know you only get what you paid for, but I bought these after carefully reading through the reviews here. I just feel the sound quality is bad. The sound snaps out very often and I need to turn off and back on again for them to work. That's kind of frustrating."		
1	:	"Less than 60 days in the and the product just stopped working.  Died in the middle of my workout.  I have tried charging it a number of times to no avail.  While it worked, the sound quality was decent....but not good enough that it should last less than 2 months!!!!!!!!"		
5	:	"Bought two. One for mom, one for dad, they seem to love it. No complaints so far. They love to be able to walk around the house while listening to their broadcast or music."		
5	:	"You???ll never find a better pair of Bluetooth headphones at this price point. They work great and sound great. I had to warranty mine, and Anker???s customer service was fast, friendly, and easy to navigate. Bought a pair for my girlfriend, and she loves them too"		
5	:	I works well when I pair it with a iPhone 6. I can only compare it to the Jaybird Bluebud X and the sound quality isn???t as good but for the price of this I cannot complain.		
5	:	"Have worked perfectly for me since I bought them months ago. No issues with syncing or response. Audio is clear and buttons are easy to navigate and understand. Have never ran out of battery, but I recharge every few days at work."		
5	:	The headphones have great sound and are very comfortable to wear.		
5	:	Sound as good as a pair of bose ear buds I tried out and will not fall out of my ear while running up stairs so I'm impressed		
1	:	These worked well with decent sound and fit but stoped working after about 6 weeks.  Won???t turn on and won???t charge.  Not sure why but very disappointed.		
5	:	"Bought these off of a recommendation from a friend, because I continually had to send my Beats headphones in to be serviced.  For a fraction of the cost of Beats, they work just as well.  I did have a charging incident, but after sending them back to Anker, they send me a new pair.  Very happy with this product."		
1	:	"If anything happens to them don???t bother trying to talk to anyone about the warranty it???s a joke. The headphones are good, but the warranty is stupid"		
4	:	"They fit great. Mic is good. Volume level acceptable. Sound quality is average at best if you are an audiophile, but if you just need them for calls, they are great."		
2	:	"I purchased these headphones for my girlfriend for the gym and for running. After using for a month or two they just stopped working,  We really enjoyed the headphones other than they didn???t last more than two months"		
4	:	"great frequency response, nice low end and clear very comfortable"		
4	:	"Left my old lightweight folding headphones on a plane, so decided to try these, my first Bluetooth pair.  Initial reaction is they are great, no real complaints for a headset at this price point.They are reasonably lightweight, adjust properly to fit my head, the earmuffs cover my ears fairly comfortably and give very good outside noise attenuation. Like all over-the-ear headsets, you have to put up with the pressure and the need to occasionally shift things to relieve an uncomfortable spot.Can't complain about the sound.  At age 79 I don't have ""audiophile ears"" any more and can't accurately judge high frequency response, but for me the overall sound is clean & very well balanced.  Vocals come through clearly, bass is just right to my taste (79 year olds don't go for vibrate your skull bass).  Max volume on Bluetooth exhibits a little distortion but that is a level well over what I would listen at.  Mid volume is just right.  This is all on Bluetooth, I haven't tried them driven via direct plug-in from a known clean source with more power.Bluetooth performance is impressive.  They paired quickly with my iPhone,and range is outstanding, I left the phone on our dining room table and walked throughout the house with only a hint of dropout at the most distant room, which was about 35-40 feet and through 3 interior walls.Physical construction appears good if not super-rugged, but after all they have to be lightweight.  They fold into a nice package & a cloth bag is provided, along with the charger & a direct-connect audio cable.  Charging is standard 5V viat the flat micro USB connector now common on most cellphones, so you may not have to carry an extra cable when traveling.  No experience yet on battery life.If there is any real ""con"" to mention, it's that I can see wearing them around in public might not be the fashion statement you want to project; they're pretty bulky looking & I'm not keen on the red trim, which draws even more attention.  On the other hand, so what?"		
5	:	"This is a review from NerdTechy. Sometimes you need an extra boost from your audio gear without sacrificing style, durability or convenience. However, finding a pair of headphones that can successfully bridge the gap between looking cool and delivering quality sound is no easy task. There are hundreds of listening options on the market and each one comes with its own design and unique features. Even though there are plenty of quality choices in audio gear, matching the right device to your specific needs is integral to long-term satisfaction. Whether you???re someone who produces music, or the kind of person who just has a very sensitive ear when it comes to sound quality, it pays to be picky when choosing your headphones.In this review I'm going to be taking an in-depth look at the Mpow H1 Bluetooth Headphones. I'm going to be checking out the design, comfort, special features and sound quality in order to give you a fully-comprehensive idea of just what these headphones can really do.First ImpressionsAt first glance we thought that Mpow H1 Headphones had an intense, edgy look with some very cozy looking earpieces. The headband was covered in red and black leather that had some really intricate stitching along the edges, and the plastic earpieces were black with a thin red trim. We liked the color scheme, but thought that, for some, it might be a little intense. We would have liked to see a lighter, more relaxed color choice, just to make the H1 more versatile in their style.The ear cushions were surprisingly thick and lightweight. Just from looking at the cushions we could tell they would easily block out environmental noise, while also being comfortable enough to wear for long periods of time. This is crucial, especially if you???re the kind of person who may want to wear these headphones during a long workday, or in a situation that requires you to be plugged in for a few hours or moreThe Mpow H1 is also lighter than some of its predecessors like the Mpow 059. They weigh in at just 7.5 ounces and measure 6.5 x 5.9 inches, making them the kind of device you truly can wear all day. They are big enough to notice you have them on, but aren???t going to put your neck under any strain while you use them.Both earpieces are adjustable as well as foldable, and are fastened to the leather headband with plastic sliders on a sturdy gunmetal black connector. It???s pretty easy to find the right fit, and we found that once we adjusted them, they stayed snug.On the left earpiece we found the Mpow logo printed in sleek, red lettering, and on the right we found a play and pause button, as well as skip forward and skip backward buttons. We were also able to locate a line in jack and a small opening for a microphoneThe headphones are a true wireless model and connect to smartphones and tablets via Bluetooth 4.1. We were pretty pleased to see that the only wires on the unit were hidden by the leather, and were almost not even noticeable when we took it out of the box.In our opinion, these headphones aren???t best suited for those with very active lifestyles or people who may want a portable listening device to throw in their gym bag. They???re on the larger side and, while they are adjustable, they seem like they could easily slide off during a hard workout. That being said, their larger size and thick ear cushions did make us think that they were comfortable enough to wear around the house or in an office for long periods of time. The bigger size of the earpieces also gave us some pretty high hopes for the sound quality.Our initial feeling is that the Mpow H1 would be best used by busy professionals, musicians or those who are looking for a fully-immersive listening experience. Just be sure to note that the H1 is mainly going to deliver comfort and audio-quality over convenience and portability.Features and AccessoriesWhen you open the box to the Mpow H1 you???ll find some basic accessories. You???ll get the headphones themselves, a 3.5mm audio cable, a USB charging cable, a carrying bag and the user manual. It doesn???t seem like much, but these accessories are actually pretty nifty. By including the 3.5mm cable, it tipped us off to the fact that these headphones could also be used in a home audio system if need be or as a wired device for a smartphone or tablet. The carrying bag was made of soft, protective material and is strong enough to protect the headphones if you choose to take them traveling or to work. While there aren???t a lot of dazzling accessories included in the box, the H1 does have some cool features.First and foremost, they are completely wireless and you can synch them to any Bluetooth enabled device with Bluetooth 4.1. This includes phones, tablets, laptops and even Bluetooth enabled televisions. We were especially pleased to find that there were absolutely no loose wires coming off of the headphones, u"		
5	:	"I got these as a surprise for my boyfriend because his favorite (more expensive) ones had recently broken. I'd checked out the earlier version of these, but decided to get this model, as it is only a few dollars more. He's had a pair of Bose noise canceling headphones as well as Senheiser, so I was a little apprehensive about how he would feel about the sound quality. Fortunately, he loves them! He's super happy about the look, the sound quality, and the competitive pricing."		
3	:	"After trying these out for two days, I can say I, personally, am not a big fan of these.Pros:Very comfortable and light: No pressure on head and I can wear it for hours without getting a headache, which is something that has been an issue with other headphones in the past. The pads completely envelopes my ears, so I don't have that 'is this really an over ear headset?' problem with these.Battery life: More or less as advertised. I left it to charge for about an hour or so right out of the package as instructed. Since then its lasted me so far about 10 hours and still going.Attachable cables: Always a great option when battery does run low. I haven't needed to use it, and I can't speak for the difference in quality between bluetooth and cable connection. Then again, I bought it for the bluetooth capabilities, so I'm not too concerned about it.Build/Appearance: I'm really picky with how my headphones look, and I have to say that these ones look great. It doesn't look or feel cheap. Of course, I wouldn't throw it around haphazardly, but if I were to drop it, I don't think it would break. Be aware that the matte finish does make it easy for scratches and smudges to show up, so if that really bothers you, just beware.Range: I can leave my laptop/phone downstairs and walk upstairs with no breaks or static in connection. My pair of bluetooth earbuds (which I've had for quite a while) do cut out and sometimes disconnect and that has always bothered me. I do expect the connectivity strength to decay after a while, but I won't be owning them long enough to test that out, unfortunately.Oh and connecting to my laptop and phone was extremely fast and easy, so that's a plus.--------Then falling into the 'meh' range, is the sound quality.It's alright. It's nothing to write home about. It's definitely not awful per say, but I've had cheaper headsets sound better. I can't say I would call myself an audiophile or anything, but I am picky about headphones. The best way I can really describe it is that the music sounds very distant. I feel the need to really turn up the volume to get a more immersive feel. (which is something I'll address in my cons).These perform best in the mid ranges. Don't expect great bass, and the high ranges can sound well...just off.-----Cons:Noise cancelling: Alright so, I probably should've checked more before I purchased it but, these headphones offer almost no passive noise cancelling capabilities. It's bothersome since if I'm in the kitchen, I can still hear the hum of my refrigerator fairly clearly. To drown out noise, I need to turn up the volume, and therein lies my next problem.Sound leaking: Oh boy do these cans leak noise. I don't know if its just me, but really don't like the noise leaking from my headset. I don't like bothering people and I don't want people overhearing what I'm listening to. But when I need to have the volume up to get a better sound quality and to block out some of the outside noise, the music leaks quite a bit. I've tested it. I'd say with the volume on my phone a third up, someone sitting near me in the library would be able to notice.I might be too picky on this, but it's something that really bothers me. I don't enjoy feeling worry that my music might be bothering the people around me, even if the leak isn't as bad as I think it is. And since I'm a student, I'm often using them outside rather than in the comfort of my own home. It might just not be a good fit for someone like me. I would skip on this pair if you're planning to listen to some hard rock.Strangely, the higher reviews mention how well the passive noise cancelling are on these cans, and I don't know, maybe it's just me. I know different people like listening to their music at different volumes. My roommate has her volume usually set the lowest and I can barely hear it when I tried to listen to something she was showing me. But honestly, if you don't go into these reviews knowing that people experience audio differently, then I don't know what to say.------A summary if reading all that is too much work:If you're looking for an average pair of headphones that looks good, works fine, and the sound quality is alright, I would say go for it.But if you're looking at these with some higher expectations, I would maybe look around some more and consider spending a bit more for a pair that better suits your needs. I've gone through dozens of headphones looking for a good pair and If there's anything I've learned, it's that trial and error is a good way to find out what you're really looking for.These pair of headphones are by no means bad, and I would recommend them to someone who doesn't care too much about the cons that I thought were dealbreakers. I am by no means an expert or anything, I'm just your average college student who just wants a nice pair of headphones to enjoy music in my downtime. And I might be pick"		
5	:	"Though they may not be true Bose cancelling headphones they sure do sound like them. The bass is awesome and the music is crisp. They connect immediately to your phone or tablet and they are loud as f. Amazing headphones i hope they last as long as possible. Will add a follow up review after a month of using.Follow upYou'd be hard-pressed to find better sounding headphones than these. These headphones are the best that I've ever owned so far. They have work well for me and are very very loud. Don't have these on while driving. Thank you kind officer for the ticket.Six months edited review. Impossible to get through to the sellers. Product won't charge after six months of use. Completely dead, tried several chargers bit won't work. It's such a shame because it is a good product but customer service is so bad it rivals DirectTV. No one responded to calls or emails so the reason that rating drops is subpar product and bad customer service.July 2018...after mentioning how hard it was to get through to customer service, I received an email from them, and they sent me another pair of headphones completely free, I guess through their warranty. So far headphones work great, like they are supposed to, and have no issues charging. If all companies took care of their customers the way Mpow does, the world would be a better place. Thank you again and I'm sure I will enjoy this pair very well. Already made several recommendations to my friends, I'm sure they will purchase. Good product. Back to 5 stars."		
5	:	"WOW! Was not expecting these to produce very good audio quality, but man was I wrong. The audio is honestly comparable to MUCH higher quality headphones. When I first paired them and played music, it sounded almost like my Sony Producer headphones. I've tried comparing the two and have found very minor differences. The sound on these is very crisp and, while they are not noise-cancelling, they do a very good job at drowning out ambient noise. I work in an open office and, while playing music, these headphones always drown out the constant bustle of the office. They are also super comfortable allowing me to wear them for extended periods of time.The only downside is the built in microphone. It's basically garbage. Yeah, it works, but it doesn't work well. If you buy these, don't expect to use them for talking because the mic is just not very good quality.All-in-all, these are, in my opinion, the BEST bang-for-your-buck you can get for a pair of headphones. They're stylish, comfortable, and provide superior audio quality of >= $200 headphones. If you're looking for a pair of headphones, but don't want to break the bank, GET THESE!"		
5	:	"I am (so far) surprised with these headphones considering the price.  I will first say that I???ve never owned over-ear headphones before so maybe my expectations are lower than someone that???s had some Bose or Beats. That said these are great for what I???m using them for. Music sounds great, bass hits hard and mids/highs are perfect for the metal and old school hip hop I like.I work in an open office (loud) environment and am up and down and walking around all day. I was tired of having to remove my old headphones every time I got up plus when on conference calls it was often difficult to hear with all the background noise. Problem solved with the Mpow set! I listen to music at least 5 hrs/day plus an hour or 2 of calls. On a full charge they last 4 days, takes about 3 hrs to charge full from dead. 30 mins of charge from dead gets me 1.5 days.Microphone works well, listeners tell me they hear a bit more background noise but not anything hugely noticeable. Bluetooth works great!! I walk 30-40 ft down the hall and into other rooms/offices and no connection issues-sheetrock and metal framed building. Re-connects automatically soon as I get back in range.Very comfortable on my head, firm sliding size adjustment-don???t have to constantly re-adjust during the day. For $35 you can???t lose. Great bang for your buck!"		
1	:	"Utterly garbage headphones from the start. Poor button controls, ridiculously obnoxious British voice alerts which would interrupt listening for all sorts of completely unnecessary reasons from battery life to volume level. Idiotic feature of a light that flashes non stop on the outside of the headphones creating an embarrassing display in any public situation. However, listening to anything louder than ASMR compilations will easily be heard by anyone nearby thanks to terrible noise containment, so these probably aren't a device you'd want to take into public anyway.Despite all of the downsides, these served their duty well as a pair of headphones I would use alone in my room with the lights on so that I wouldn't be distracted by the endless blinking light coming from my right side, to connect to my ludicrously headphone-jackless phone while the mere single adapter provided with it remained in my car. That is, until they stopped working.After about 20 hours of use, the relentless, interminable British woman who unabatingly blazoned the fact that the headphones had reached maximum volume developed tourettes  and blared her bold proclaimations about battery life and wireless connectivity with no end and seemingly no structure or apparent alignment with any real headphone status.After putting the troubled soul to rest with the power button, the headphones never functioned again, even when bluetooth pairing was recognized by both devices, no media could come through besides static and my poor British woman's hopeless gibberish.Will never buy another product from this poor manufacturer."		
5	:	"The quality of microphone is really bad. If you plan to use it with cell phone for hands free operations, you will be very disappointed. I want to ask about other people experience with mic. May be I got defective item. For music listening this device is acceptable and works as expected.Update: I contacted seller because the item had possible defect. While headphones had very good sound, the microphone produced some humming sound when used with cell phone, so other people had difficulty to hear me. I was not sure if it is a defect or ""normal"" for product in this price range. The seller immediately contacted me and sent replacement item, which works much better. Thus, this company has a good product and, if problem happens, they resolve quickly. It gives great level of confidence dealing with  this seller. Changed to 5 stars"		
5	:	"I???ve never had $500 pair of headphones on, nor will I ever.  These Mpow H1 headphones are amazing.  They produce a kick???n bass, crispy highs, and vocals that are true.  I tried these with Jimi, AC/DC, SRV, 2CELLOS, (if you???ve never seen or heard these guys with 2 cellos, do yourself a favor and check ???em out), and a bunch of other music I have.  I???m at least 10 hours on the initial charge and still going strong.  I don???t know what else to say other than these are good...REAL GOOD."		
1	:	"They are very comfortable but are very LOUD when they first connect, via bluetooth.  The pairing, connecting, connected, low power used a very LOUD voice, independent of current volume setting.  Seems to lose connection quite easily, and then have to listen to that voice again.When you need to charge them, it drops the connection, such a pain.The wires that connect ear pieces are very fragile.  Have had to replace/return two headphones because of broken connections.Wouldn't buy these again because of these two problems.UPDATE: Now the headphones don't work unless they are plugged in to the power.  Really defeats the idea of wireless.  Changed rating to 1 star!Was contacted by the vendor who said they were going to replace them (passed Amazon return) but haven't heard anything since.  Another big fail with these headphones!"		
5	:	"The sound quality and comfort together with wireless, make these my best headsets ever. The ear hole (which no one seems to show measurements) is fine for my normal-sized ears. I do have to carefully set them to not pinch in back, but that works for me for hours. I'm setting about throwing out a host of other headsets based on these. Battery lasts many days of use a few hours a day and sound doesn't degrade when battery gets low."		
4	:	"Wow... These are much better than I expected. I work in an open office and need headphones to keep focus on my work. I had a really nice pair of Bose noise cancelling headphones that got stolen. I have been using my??Sennheiser HD280PRO Headphones (old model)??but the cord gets wrapped around my chair and they squeeze my head too much. I was looking for cheaper options and didn't expect much. I definitely didn't expect headphones this good for the price!The good: these are over-ear (completely cover the ear) headphones. They are comfortable for long-term wearing. The audio quality is spot-on. At least as good as the Bose were and comparable to my Sennheiser HD280PRO. Pairing was easy with my MacBook and Nexus 5X phone. I haven't really been able to gauge battery life because I plug them into USB to charge at night and only use them for 3-4 hours a day.The bad:1. My ears get hot after about 45 minutes. I assume it's the electronics in the headphone and the ear enclosure. I could probably remedy this by setting my Fitbit to make me get up, take off the headphones, and walk around every 45 minutes.2. They are not active noise-cancelling. I thought I was searching for noise canceling headphones and didn't bother reading the description closely. These are not what you want for flying or drowning out your snoring spouse.3. Like so many bluetooth derives, the power button does different things depending on how long you hold it down. Turning off the headphones is annoying because if you don't wait long enough, the headphones go into pairing mode. They probably have a sleep mode but I haven't researched it."		
4	:	"I like these but they don't fold the same as the older H1 models. They don't fit in the suggested case due to the 2 pieces that point out when folded so I'm returning the case. I almost returned the headphones instead to get the older model, but I need the headphones first. I bought these to tune out my coworkers.I am using them now at a comfortable volume and it's great. They're very soft and comfortable, charges in 2-3 hours (doesn't come with a wall charger so I need to charge them through computer via the provided USB cord), and pretty easy to sync up with your phone. I wish there were separate volume and track buttons though. Sometimes I'm trying to do one and the other happens due to poor reaction time. But once you get the hang of it it's okay. The cloth case it comes with fits the headphones REALLY SNUG, almost annoying to put them in. But that doesn't detract the quality of the headphones.Mpow Headphone Case for Mpow 059/ Mpow H1/H2/H5/Thor and More Foldable Headphones of Other Brands, Storage Bag Travel Carrying Case for Headphones Foldable, Over-Ear/ On-Ear"		
5	:	"These have quickly become my favorite way to listen to music. I have a pair at work and at home. They are very light and comfortable and sound great. I did have an issue initially with my computer, but it had to do with the codec for Bluetooth on my Apple computer. I enabled AAC and AptX and now they sound great. I knew it was not the headphones as they sounded great on my iPhone X and when using the provided cable. The Bluetooth range is longer than other headphones. I can listen throughout my house even if my phone is stationary. The controls are simple, just 3 buttons on the right side. The middle one powers the headphones on/off, pauses music, and pairs Bluetooth. The right one, turns the volume up when held down for a few seconds or skips the track if pressed once. The left button turns the volume down (pressing for a few seconds) or goes back a track with a single press. The headphones also have audio voice feedback which is very helpful in a lovely British voice. (Power on, Pairing, Power off, etc.) While they are not noise cancelling, they do block out ambient noise which is great in a noisy office environment, but may not be safe if walking outside. These Mpow headphones are well made and designed. For $36, they are a bargain."		
5	:	"For the price these headphones cant be beat. I was looking for a affordable pair of headphones for an upcoming trip and wanted to find ones where if I broke them or lost  them it wouldn't really ruin my day. So far the battery has been amazing, the sound quality isn't anything to write home about, but does the job for just watching videos or listening to some music. They fold down into a compact size which fit perfectly into my bag. The only con I really had was that the ear pads were not very thick, and the drivers were resting on my ears. I could barely wear them for more then an hour before having to take them off. I ended up purchasing some Brainwavz Ear pads and they have made a huge difference in comfort. I could wear these all day now."		
5	:	"When I opened the box I thought, "" these look a little fragile - like they're not going to take daily use.""  Au contrere; they're as strong as could be. They look more like studio headphones than the big, clutzy headphones encased in plastic. The old saying, ""You get what you pay for"" is true.  Next, after puzzling over the sparsely worded instructions, I turned 'em on. What an eye opener! As a semi-professional bassist for 40 years, I can tell you that the bass tones are phenominal. They could use a little more high end presence, but over all, no less impressive. My advice is, don't go cheap - the cheap models cannot touch these headphones in sound quality.  Spend the extra $ - you will be blown away!"		
5	:	I don't like this product I love it !1 relatively easy to set up With the supplied disk. 2 Sounds excellent nice Treble and bass.  3 you can use a 3.5 mm jack if you don't want to use Bluetooth.  4 Controls are very easy to manipulate on the side up-and-down volumes power on and power off.  5 instead of just peeps to let you know when it's pairing or when it's going on and off a female English voice tells you super.  6 I have an expensive pair of Sony headphones Bluetooth these  are even better.  7 quality is so good buying another pair. Thank you WFP		
5	:	"As soon as I opened the package, I was happy. Solid, soft, light, and comfortable are the words that come to mind. You just feel quality right away. The controls are intuitive and getting them to connect to my TV and my phone was easy. They sound amazing. My one initial concern was that they did not sound loud enough, even with my phone turned up all the way. Reading the manual I learned that the plus and minus signs do double duty. quick press changes the song, long press changes the volume, and not just on the source device like some Bluetooth devices. These seem to have their own volume control beyond that of the source device and I could make them louder than was comfortable, so they certainly get the job done.I cannot yet speak to battery life or how they hold up to long term use, but 18 hours after I unboxed them, I am amazed they were less than $40. I have not been this happy with a purchase in a long time. Also, I have not yet tried to use them for a phone call as that is not why I bought them. My primary use is with my new 4K TV after my wife goes to bed. I like TV loud, and this way I can listen at the volume I want without disturbing her."		
5	:	"For me they are better then two others I have, Sennheiser RS120 and an Amazon Basics set.  The RS120 set has had a lot of popping and cracking noises in it from day one and the Amazon Basics have an annoying habit of cutting out for about 1sec once ever couple minutes.  These headphones have no similar issues and I love them.  I am not an audiophile by any means, at 73yrs young my hearing is nothing compared to younger years but I can tell that these phones have great sound and to my hearing sound better than the other two.I gave it 5 stars anyway but on the con side there is a minor issue with the bluetooth connection.  Everytime I power them on I get the voice saying ""Power On"" then it says ""Connected"" and then it says ""Disconnected"" But the thing is, it does not connect until it says ""Disconnected"", only then does the sound come through??  I suppose it could have something to do with the BT transmitter but in any case it is a minor issue."		
2	:	"Pros: These headphones are *extremely* lightweight, and have a true ""fitover"" design.Sound is clear, and pairing simple.They do successfully connect to two devices at once, such as a phone and tablet or laptop.Cons: (and the reason for my rating) -- they are LOUD, even on the lowest setting - and I did go into my settings as a previous reviewer suggested, and enabled volume limiting - it didn't help.On volume setting One, they (and every other Bluetooth earphone I've tried) are mute, but on volume Setting Two, they are UNBEARABLY LOUD.Last night, I set them on my pillow and used them for a speaker (and could hear perfectly well).I realise this may be a Pro for some, but I want to safeguard my hearing.I am honestly disappointed, because they are (as many other reviewers agree) about the most comfortable headset I've ever worn.I could easily see wearing them all day - if the settings let me turn them DOWN. And yes, the ""power"" and ""pairing"" prompts are even louder.As for the buttons - I didn't have any problems with the multi-function buttons.In fact, the power/pairing button on these is more logical than others I've used.For most, you press the power button for on, long press for off, and longer press for pairing. That makes it easy to accidentally turn them off.These are better, because the ""off"" and ""pairing"" are reversed. Long press for pairing, longer for Off.Personally, I like this much better, as I don't keep turning them off accidentally.If you don't mind LOUD, these are excellent headphones. And for the price, they feel very durable!For me, though, the LOUD renders them unfit for purpose.I'll try to answer any questions in the comment thread."		
4	:	"Not an audiophile but I love the bluetooth and strong head connection for the gym. The sound is very crisp, it holds charges well and connects and disconnects automatically which I love. It's almost the best wireless headphones I've had.I wish the buttons were a little better; maybe have a separate button for volume? I have to time the way I push the FF/REW buttons to change the volume.two cons: I wish they weren't so tough on the bending in the band; it hurts my head after more than an hour of wear.I wish it somehow didnt get so hot and sweaty after an hour at the gym. I have to take them off and blow on the earpads to get rid of the sweat and cool it down.Would prefer more colors."		
4	:	"Pretty easy to connect to a Bluetooth transmitter. Bought this for my grandparents to connect to the TV so they could hear without having cords running across the floor. At least from the TV sound it was a little light on the bass, but that could just be the source. One cool thing was that my granddad could hear what we were saying when he wore them which is unusual."		
5	:	"I know the manufacturer recommends to fully charge the headphones before using them but I was so excited that I only had them charging for a few minutes before I powered it on and paired it (seamlessly) with my android phone. It connected within seconds, and they sound amazing! The ear cups are also extremely comfortable and the headphones are so lightweight you can barely feel them. On that note there is some sound leakage for me because I have a small head and small ears (but that's a very common thing for me with over the ear headphones.) There is no recognizable static (wireless) and they manage to sound even better wired. The wireless connection length is truly 33 feet (maybe even a little further, better than any Bluetooth headphones I've ever owned at any price point!) I was able to go all the way upstairs, to the kitchen, to the bathroom, and it wasn't until I got to the mid back half of my house that it cut out, but as soon as I got back in range it automatically reconnected (I've owned a few pairs of wireless headphones that need to be manually paired after they disconnect when you get out of distance.) They even came with a nice gray velvet carrying bag, as well as the usb charger and cord for wired listening. As others have mentioned the mic is pretty bad (dropped calls, low quality sound) so if your primary use is calls, these won't work for you.For those of you who skim, or don't have the patience to read the above review:Pros:-Sound quality-Comfort-Look way more expensive than they are-Long battery life-Both wireless and wired (with included cord)-Very lightweight-Huge connection distance on Bluetooth (can go far from device)Cons:-(If you have a small head) there may be sound leakage-mic is bad (dropped calls, low quality sound)"		
2	:	"These are good head phones and I like them, although I think some of these reviews are over inflated. I was able to easily pair them with my phone.  However, I purchased them to listen to music on my Kindle HD 8. Even after writing for product support and following the instructions (which involved turning off my phone and disconnection of other blue tooth devices throughout the house-very annoying!); I couldn't get it to connect.  I'm keeping it anyway because they are nice headphones but nowhere near Bose quality as one reviewed purports.  I'm skeptical of some of the reviews here. *** Update: After this review, the company sent me another pair and asked me to try again and revise my review.  I tried again and again and again. I sent back two emails I'm not sure they read.  I also spoke with Kindle fire support who informed me that these ARE NOT COMPATIBLE with the Kindle Fire. You can connect them using the cord, just not as a Bluetooth headset."		
1	:	The worst. Bluetooth barely works and sound can be heard outside of the headphones		
5	:	"Intro:I like listening to music when I work.  I also get very distracted by background noise.  This all being said I purchased a few different headphones over the years.  Personally I enjoy an over the ear headphone, silly but it also helps hold my hair back, no need for a hat then.Fit:On top of that while I don't have huge ears, my ears aren't small either.  They are average size, and I find most over the ear headphones just simply were too small for my big round head and ears.  The headphones fit very nice and I have worn them for 4-6 hours at a time and do not find them uncomfortable.  So the description is right when they say ""lightweight, comfortable for a long time wearing"".Sound Quality:Now on to the 'how they sound' - I stream my music right from my phone using Amazon Music (no plug or affiliation lol).  The sound quality is second to none.  If I could say only one thing sometimes I wish there was more bass, but then again I grew up in a period in which you decked out your cars with amps and subs.  So it's safe to say I always want more bass.  The noise canceling is superb.  When I am in my home office working I cannot hear the dog bark, the kids, or the wife.  For that I am thankful as I have said before I am an easily distracted person.Battery Life:The battery life is amazing as well.  I was surprised I can get almost about 3-4 days of listening to these headphones.  Now please understand I listen to them anywhere from 3-6 hours a day.Nutshell:Overall,  I have been extremely pleased with this purchase.  I must of gone through about 6-7 different pairs before finally giving in on this pair.  There is no looking back or any other option now.  For the price you really cannot go wrong.I hope you find this review useful and hopefully this review can ""pass it forward"" to someone that was a troubled working soul just wanting to find a good pair of headphones like myself."		
1	:	"Not sure why these are the newest version. They broke in less than 2 weeks. However, the previous version which I bought to replace these are much better!"		
5	:	"I read the reviews thoroughly and have heard much about how great the audio is in these headsets ..  I've also read where people don't like the lack of privacy in public because of being able to hear outside the headphones ..  Privacy it's a big deal for me, as much as the quality of the audio ..  Here's my breakdown:PROS * Very impressive build quality * Very comfortable to wear * The mic seems to be pretty decent for not having a boomCONSAt FULL Volume, I can barely hear anything!!  The headphones I received must be defective, because I've read many reviews describing the sound to be great, plus so loud people can hear them outside the headphones ..Sadly I'll be returning these headphones, as they are no good to me if I can barely hear with them!** Update:  They contacted me directly via email and are sending me a new headset.  I should receive by this Saturday according to the tracking number.  I will update with results here after I receive the new headphones.  Personally I am very impressed with the manufacturer's communication and willingness to satisfy the customer, hopefully the replacement headset will be great!  I will let you guys know ..***** UPDATE *****They sent me a replacement headset which arrived within 3 days...  WOW!!  As far as bass & volume these blow my turtle beach & Logitech headsets out of the water ..  The original unit I received must've been defective ..  the replacement unit is going to be my daily headset.Thanks Mpow for the super-fast response and for making it right.  No regrets here at all."		
5	:	"for inexpensive headphone, they work well. I know there have been comments on several apple sites about these and other headphones being to loud even on the lowest volume setting. Same with these headphones but I found if you go into settings, music, EQ and check loudness, it fixes the problem. I have had these headphones for 6 months and they have worked perfectly. They look kind of clunky but do a good job of blocking out the noise and the sound is  good, actually much better than my $100 skull candy headphones which broke after 1 year.  The only problem is trying to use the volume control on the headphones. If you press the + or - too long it forwards or back to the next or previous song. I found it is better to use the volume control on my iPhone. The microphone for calls and ease of operation is very good. Great buy, I recommend these headphones."		
5	:	"For the price, I can't complain. The sound is excellent. Granted, both ear muffs fell off, but I put them back on with my glue gun and I don't notice the difference. I'm very impressed and may even buy a second pair.NOTE: I noticed other reviewers complaining that the headphones don't always connect to their phones automatically. I have noticed this. I never considered it a big deal, but I figured out the cause today. If you have more than one device these headphones could potentially connect to, the headphones will not know what to do. They connect automatically to my phone if I am outside of my apartment, but they do not connect if I am inside because I also have a laptop and ipad competing for the connection.These headphones also work for phone calls. The sound is great, and there must be a built-in mic because I can walk around and no one has complained about not hearing me. At first, I didn't like being isolated from my own voice (I end up talking louder), but I have gotten used to it and sometimes I just keep one ear piece off. These are less than half the cost of a Plantronics headset, but I would buy these over Planatronics' earpieces. I feel more comfortable in public with my small earpiece (instead of these more conspicuous headphones), but I get sick of the earpiece falling off and now use these headphones for phone calls much more often.I use them every day. They are a great product for an excellent price ($35 when I bought them)."		
4	:	"My $70.00 Skullcandy Hesh3 bluetooth over ear headphones sound much better than my new $25.00 MPOW H1 headphones. However, the Hesh3 headphones are in for warranty repair. I bought these to fill the void while I wait for the return of my Hesh3 headphones. The Hesh3 headphones also sound better than my $35.00 wired SoundMAGIC E10 earbuds. The MPOW H1 headphones do not sound as good as the SoundMagic E10s. The Hesh3 headphones are smaller and lighter than the MPOW H1 headphones. The Hesh3 headphones have an amazing 30 plus hour battery life. The MPOW H1headphones lasted less than 20 hours on a full charge. However, the build quality of the MPOW H1 just feels more durable than Hesh3 headphones. As I mentioned the Hesh3 headphones are in for repairs. The volume up button quit working after 6 months. Despite mediocre sound quality, the MPOW H1 headphones are worth the $25.00 that I paid for them.The middle multi function button performs numerous functions. When connected to my Android Nougat phone via bluetooth, two quick pushes of the center button brings up Google Assistant into my ears. At this point I can initiate phone calls by voice and/or ask Google for basic information. No need to take your phone out of your pocket. I don't know if the MPOW H1 headphones  will work the same  with other phone operating systems. I have included this information on Google Assistant functionality since I could not find it anywhere prior to purchasing the MPOW H1 headphones. Hands free functionality is important to me so I am happy."		
4	:	"[Update]This company is a top notch company.  They really take care of their customers and they do business for a long term since they care about their reputation not quick money from us.  After my review below, they contacted me and offered to send me the other unit.  I didn't ask for that.I added one more star for this wonderful company that I would sure buy again from them.  The company definitely deserves a 5 star.  So I give the head phone an extra star due to the support of the company that you know you're in good hand.I wish the company that cares about their product and bases their success on good reputation very successful in the future and to be the next Amazon due to their success is based on customer happiness.Yes, Amazon is #1 company and Jeff Bezos is my hero and an inspiration!------------------Compared to the 059, I paid similar price.  This don't have next/previous track button.  The look is not as good.  The ear muff are held by metal wires, seems cheap and weak.  Sounds same or worse than 059. Other than that, they work about the same.  I should have bought the other one as a second pair instead."		
5	:	"It's rare these days when a company stands behind its products, but Mpow did and I am ecstatic.I bought a pair of Mpow H1 Bluetooth Headphones over six months ago and they got damaged going through an X-ray machine at an airport.  The pad came off the left earphone. Despite researching YouTube, the internet and the universe at large, I found no answer for how to re-attach the pad to the earpiece.I wrote Mpow and asked if they had any instructions. The service person asked me to send a picture of my broken headphones, which I did. Then, I was asked if a new set of Mpow headphones would resolve the problem to my satisfaction. ""Hells, yes!""And I received a brand new pair. No charge, no hassles, no headaches.I'm delighted because these headphones sound terrific, I love them.If you're researching headphones, trust a company that makes wonderful products AND stands behind them?????? Mpow!"		
5	:	"When our $200 pair of Sony headphones broke (yes, one of the earmuffs snapped off), I read a lot of reviews and settled on these,  Not only are they lightweight, but the sound does not leak out to others in the room. Best of all, they pair up instantly with a voice notification to let you know they are connected. Very cool. Love these and plan to purchase a second pair to use as a backup."		
4	:	"The fit is absolutely incredible, the comfort rivals Sony studio over-ear headphones. The sound isolation is almost to-a-fault as now my daughter is unable to hear me calling. In terms out output, they don???t sound quite as good as previous off-brand headphones by Soundbot as the sound is sometimes tinny. Bass is quite decent and it???s hard to complain considering the price.Controls are solid, and the skip track/volume up, back track/volume down is nice! The power button cycles through pairing before power-down at times which can be confusing. Battery power is impressive at 12hours considering my daughter likes living with music on 24/7.I???ll run a follow up review after we get some mileage on these cans. The four words - so far, so good."		
1	:	"Terrible quality. I've had these headphones for exactly one week and already the audio has cut out on the right earphone. Not sure if it's a loose wire or what the issue is, but I've used these things solidly at my desk for a week and now, the right audio does not work. I love the price, but I need them to work more than a couple of days."		
5	:	"For my first ever experience with a bluetooth Headphones I wanted to try something that had good customer ratings but was also very affordable. I feel the Mpow H1 definitely hits that sweet spot. They are very high quality, feel very comfortable to wear for long durations. The fit can be adjusted easily which is very important for people like me with very large heads. The sound quality is excellent and very loud. They pair easily with devices and a built-in voice helps clue you in when the device is on, off, pairing, or volume max is reached. The volume controls work as a remote control so it adjusts the volume of the actual device itself. I've paired mine with my Playstation Vita as well as my PC through a USB Bluetooth Adapter and they work great!"		
5	:	"EDIT AGAIN: The seller sent new headphones and these ones work even better than the last pair, which means that the first pair I bought were likely just faulty. I think it shows that this seller is responsible and is willing to fix their mistakes.EDIT: The seller contacted me and told me they'll send me a new pair for my troubles. Once I receive this pair I'll rewrite my review. The seller seems to have taken responsibility for a faulty product and  has gained my respect.Worked well for a few weeks but now it won't turn on and won't charge at all. It'll only turn on when I have it charging, and the owners manual says it can't be turned on while charging. Pretty faulty headphones. One of the earpads fell off too.It's a shame because I really loved these headphones. Hope they send me a pair that isn't faulty. Maybe this one was just a fluke."		
4	:	"As of December 12, my pair of Mpow bluetooth headphones has ceased bluetooth functions. I have had this set of headphones for almost 5 months now.The problem now is that I can still turn on the headset when the earpieces are closed to a ???c??? shape with the earpieces touched together. However, the headset will automatically turn off whenever I try to stretch the headpiece to a ???C??? shape to put it over my head. I cannot turn on the device once it is on my head. I believe that this may be caused by some problem in the wiring because the power is killed every time I stretch the headset to place it onto my ears. The headset still functions normally with the wired setup.This pair of headphones was just under $35, and it functioned very nicely when it was fully operational. Take that statement with a grain of salt because my only prior experience with earbuds/headphones was a pair of wired Apple earbuds. I was very impressed by the initial experience with the Mpow headset because audio quality was much higher compared to the earbuds that I was previously using. I have been using it daily for about an average of 30 minutes per day, ranging from about 10 minutes to 2 hours of daily usage. I have compiled a list of pros and cons for this headset:ProsAffordability - This is a decent headset to pick up if you want a set of cheap over-ear headphones.Earpiece extension - The earpieces are connected to the main headpiece by a metallic extender that allows you to adjust the earpieces to the proper size that best suits your needs. This extender reduces the possibility of snagging your hair.Buttons - The buttons are slightly confusing to get used to, but they are very convenient once you get used to them. The only downside is that it is difficult to adjust the volume using the headset buttons. Pausing/playing, forward skip, and backward skip works fine for an Apple mobile device playlist.Sound quality - If you???re a person like me who switched over from cheap earbuds, then you???ll also notice a clear difference in sound quality.Battery life - As advertised, the battery life can go up to the advertised amount from listening to music through Bluetooth.ConsComfort - I found that these earpieces really makes your ears warm up. This caused my ears to sweat a little during prolonged usage. This is anecdotal, so you'll have to try them out yourself to see if it suits your needs.Stutter - This is uncommon, but there were a few occasions when the audio being played through Bluetooth had brief hiccups. This was not caused by the connection range limit either because this happens even when the phone was in my pocket.It broke - I have handled this headset with care, even going so far as to putting it back in its original box whenever I was not using it. Unfortunately, the Bluetooth function just no longer works for my headset."		
3	:	"I was looking  for a pair of headphones to pair w/my Tablet to listen to music at work. Not wanting to spend a few hundred dollars I brought Mpow H1 Bluetooth Headphones since the price was right.The fit was good when sitting at my desk or walking around, never used them while performing any physical activity.They are a bit big even when folded so they take up some room in my computer bag. If I were going on holidays I might look for something smaller to pack. But again I brought these for Office use.I had no problem with the battery life, I could listen to music all day (8 hr's at work) and charge them when I got home and they were good to go the next day. I could charge them Saturday Night, and still have the same battery performance come Tuesday when I went back to work.They don't cancel out any background noise, but they aren't advertised to. Sound was okay and overall I was satisfied w/my purchase.I say ""was"" because since buying them this past February, they now longer work properly. In wireless mode I get no sound from the left side speaker. I tried wired mode and I get sound from the left side but not the right. Go figure.I understand this is a common problem w/many of these style headphones. I have a pair of wired Sony Headphones that has lasted over 15 years.At this price point, it won't break the bank to chuck them into the rubbish bin. But that expense could quickly add up if you need to replace the Headphones every few months, or a year.I contacted the Seller via Amazon and we'll see where that goes. In the end while I was happy with the initial purchase I can't recommend  the Mpow H1 Bluetooth Headphones since the longevity just isn't there.Updated 12/13/2018I contacted the Seller directly and they also read my review here. Long story short they are sending me a new Headset as I'm within the warranty period. Customer service was quick and responsive and without the hassle one usually encounters when trying to get support on a product."		
5	:	"I mostly use these headphones as an alternative to my Rokit 5 speakers when I'm mixing/mastering music.  They surprisingly do an incredible job!  I feel that the low end frequencies are accurately represented which is super helpful.  90% of the time I mix on my main speakers but when my ears are getting tired or I need to hear the music from a different audio source, these headphones are a great alternative!  I also love how comfortable they are."		
4	:	Value for money product. The seller Patozon has a good customer service too.I just found that the microphone echoes your sound to the person on the other side and your voice may not be very clear at times to them.Overall it's a good product.		
4	:	"To start - I really want to give these headphones five stars. For the price you're getting everything you could ask for: Bluetooth, high quality build construction, carrying case, and good sound. The reality of it is though, is that these aren't a five star set of headphones. Although these feel like a lot like something twice to three times the price, there's something in the sound that keeps it from convincing you it's premium.There's a lot of crisp clarity in these cans. Surprisingly you can hear plenty of the subtle nuances in most genres, and the mids aren't scooped out. There's a tad bit of sparkle added in the highs - and that's probably what's giving it that essence of clarity. The lows, however, I felt needed a subtle eq boost. These are not an overly-bassy headphone, so if you're looking for some boomers you may need to look elsewhere.Battery life is outstanding. I'd believe their claim of 20 hours. They charge via a standard micro-usb like the older Android phones, and they charge quickly. The package also comes with a 3.5mm aux cord that you can use if you don't want to use the Bluetooth. Bluetooth distance is satisfactory, I never walked very far from my phone, however.In conclusion you really can't beat these headphones for the price. I love them, I'm just a tad critical about how my audio sounds. They're sturdy, foldable, wireless, and sound pretty good. Snag yourself a pair, you'll like 'em."		
5	:	"I have only had these for a week, but they charge and work flawless. Takes between 2-3 hours to fully charge. My coworker tried them and now he is buying a pair for himself. I'm sure that for the low price, they will not last forever, but I promise you I'm more pleased to have spent ALOT less money to have crisp, clear sound with great bass, than forking out $200-$300 or more for higher end headphones with not much better sound. As far as cancelling out sound, they do a great job of cancelling out outside noise. I mainly bought these so that I can hear myself think whenever I go outside my house because of my neighbor's annoying, crap eating dog, that barks all day long."		
3	:	"The headphones fit well, look great and sound wonderful. However, the H1 headphones have a design flaw that make them very frustrating to use.  The H1 headphone uses the volume up and down buttons to advance the track forward and backward.  A quick push on the volume button advances the track, while a long push raises or lowers the volume. Unfortunately, every time I raise or lower the volume, I inadvertently change the track.  It's very frustrating.  My wife owns a pair of Tribit XFree Tune headphones that also uses the volume up and down buttons to advance the track forward and backward.  However, a short push of the volume buttons on the Trivbit headphones raises or lowers the volume while a long push changes the track.  This makes all the difference in the world.  I never accidentally advance the track when changing the volume on the Tribit headphones. If Mpow would modify its design to function like the Tribit headphones, Mpow would have a winner.  I returned my Mpow H1 headphones for a refund."		
5	:	"**Update** The company contacted me right away after this review and offered to send me another pair to try.  The representative was friendly, courteous, and most importantly, focused on making this a great experience for me, their customer.  I am happy to say that the replacement pair fit me better and worked better for my individual needs.I would not hesitate to recommend that s company and their products to anyone.  Great customer service is becoming a thing of the past, but this company is doing their best to bring it back.I ordered these headphones instead of another pair of the same brand because these were recommended by the company for comfort.  The sound is good, they work well for calls, the range away from my phone is ok, the charge holds for a long time.  They are comfortable, both the war pieces and the headband are padded and comfortable, but the ear pieces are huge.  They come way below my ear and interfere with my jaw.  So crazy!  I think I'm going to have to send these back and order something else."		
5	:	"Update: Patozon and Mpow contacted me, after my original review below, and told me that this was very likely a defective unit and they sent me a new one. I have tried the new unit for 2 days and it is solid in the Bluetooth connection, it is completely different from the other one. This one keeps connected even if you walk far from the device from which is linked. So, I am changing my review to five stars because this is a very good sounding pair of headphones (probably able to compete in sound quality with products at double its price), the headphones are very comfortable since you can wear them for hours without fatigue, the Bluetooth connectivity is very strong and can stay connected for hours without cutting off and, as important as all of that, the company behind the headphones has a superb customer service.Original Review: I bought these headphones as a gift for my wife. She paints as a hobby in her free time, and she needed a pair of headphones to isolate herself to be able to paint. We live in an apartment with, so we do not have a backyard. The headphones needed to be wireless to avoid the wire making a mess with the oils and other painting materials.We carefully selected these headphones because they look very comfortable. Me and my wife, we both care about sound, I am an audiophile and I have tried to transfer some of that passion for good sound to her. The headphones arrived yesterday, she tried them and she told me that they were super comfortable. She used them for 2 hours. After that, she told me that although she was in front of her laptop, the Bluetooth connection with her laptop will cut off every 5 or 7 minutes. I asked about the sound and she said so, so. I took them for a spin while writing a document, I connected the Bluetooth to my own laptop, and after 10 minutes or so, the same thing happened, the connection will cut off. There is a kind of a pattern, the connection cuts off mostly when I move my head suddenly or I turn or when I start walking away. I have tried connecting the headphones to my smartphone and other devices and it is the same, the Bluetooth connection cuts off. As for the audio, it is very good for the price, it has enough bass, very natural mids, and enough treble without being metallic in the highs department. I tested with lots of different music and, for this price, is a very good sound that rivals other wireless headphones around $100. Now, all of that does not count if the headphones can't keep the bluetooth connection for more than 5 or 6 minutes, because it is very annoying to have your favorite song suddenly cut off."		
5	:	"For a long time, I've been buying Skullcandy earphones because they have a good sound and I can put them away in my pockets.  However, I was tired of buying earphones and then in less than a year, I would destroy them by accident because I am very clumsy or not even aware that they are tangled to my wheelchair.  I was not sure what kind of headphones should I get and decided to go with the Mpow H1. The controls are easy to use and paired fine with my LG fortune phone from Cricket.The things that I liked:Great sound and loud enoughBattery life is good, I bought these back in early September and the battery hasn't lowered yet. Probably because they were precharge.Comfortable, in the past, I had headsets after a long use they would cause discomfort, but these I have not had a discomfort with the Mpow H1.Noise cancelling, I hear the music more than the background.The price is good.The headphones have fallen off my wheelchair and I barely ran over them, thankfully it was a scrape.I can either use them wirelessly or use the aux cable with non-Bluetooth devicesWhat I didn't like:Well so far I got nothing bad to say about the Mpow H1, but the fact that it feels strange to have big headphones in public what kind of fashion statement is that, but that shouldn't an issue at all just the performance matters.You might be confused how to use the volume and go to the next track, in order to go the next track you have to hold the button and progressively lower or put it higher. You may use the headphones 25-50 feet away from the phone, laptop or Bluetooth enabled devices, but you won't be able to change the track, the volume will still work.The bottom line:I am satisfied with the Mpow H1's performance with sound and durability just what I was looking for."		
4	:	"This is my first foray into over ear headphones so I don't have much for comparison, but on their own, I'd say these are pretty great headphones. While I enjoy in-ear headphones, I'd been looking for something with more punch that could also stay in my ears easier than those rubber-in-ear headphones. This so far checks all the boxes. My ears are a little on the larger side and these cover them perfectly. There isn't much room for them to breathe outside of that though and for that reason it can get warm pretty quickly, but if you're taking a break every so often, it shouldn't be an issue. Additionally, pairing works easily as well, but can cause issues if you have it connected to multiple things. I tried connecting them to my computer and they automatically paired to my iPhone as well. Not an issue in terms of sound, but you could accidentally burn some battery and not be fully aware of it. The padding on time is sufficient. It's not the most comfortable thing, but it's not gonna hinder wearing them either. If I have one issue with these, it's that of sound bleeding. While I haven't tested it with another person, when pushing the headphones against one and other to cover the cups fully, you can hear the sound leaking through at about 50% volume. If you're jamming out on your own then no issue, but if you're trying to listen to music on public transportation, you could be disturbing a neighbor. Just something to look out for. Another small problem is that they don't pair extremely well with glasses. Mine keep getting adjusted even when just putting on the headphones and it can't be fully fixed without removing the headphones and rearranging everything. I say this is a small problem because I've tested many on-ear/over ear headphones (these are just my first purchased of the over ear kind) and they always mess with my glasses. Just something us visually impaired people gotta deal with. Otherwise, I have no other issues with these and would fully recommend them."		
4	:	"UPDATE: The pair I had before was *definitely* bad. The nice folks at Mpow sent me another pair of these headphones and the new pair sounds great. The bass is fine and the mid and upper ranges sound crisp.  Upping this review to 4 stars because of the customer service and also because the new pair of headphones sounds the way you'd expect. They're also very comfortable, and Bluetooth on the new set paired easily with both my phone and my iPad.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Maybe I got a bad pair of headphones, but the sound from these headphones was muddy and kind of ???dull??? or muffled. I can???t believe this is the way they???re supposed to sound which is why I say this may have been a defective set.Pairing was a little inconsistent and finicky, but I did finally get them to pair with an iPad and an MP3 player.They???re lightweight and comfortable, and they come with a small carrying bag (not a case).Other than what I???ve written above, I can???t review these properly since I believe they are defective."		
1	:	"BOUGHT BASED ON GOOD REVIEW OF HEADPHONES AND THE PROMISE THAT IT PAIRS UP TO TV!  IT PAIRED ONLY TO TABLET AND THAT IS NOT WHAT WE WANTED.  ***Please note that if your TV can not transmit bluetooth signals, you need a separate bluetooth transmitter. Could you please tell us if your TV have bluetooth function or not so that we can issue a replacement or a refund to you?ANSWER: We have an additional transmitter, would not pair up.  We have another set of headphones and it works easily.  So, I wish we could get a newer replacement that DOES pair up with TV or even the soundbar we have; it only worked with a tablet we had.  We will send the other back to you if you want.  Thanks!"		
5	:	"I'm on conference calls all day at work and had another BT LG model headset.  They were smaller in design, but one side kept going out and loosing audio -- even on a warranty replacement.Now to start, i wanted something that would be comfortable for a lengthy time to listen to and had great audio for music as well.  I did a lot of research and found these.First impressions.  I opened the box and found these to be far greater in quality than expected.  The fit is comfortable and snug, but not an uncomfortable snug.  The sound is impressive - clear and full.  I found i actually turned the volume way down based on my wired headphones as the sound was more rich and better heard.  These units are great, light weight and really comfortable.  I'd recommend to anyone as for the price, you can't beat it.  Based on the quality for the cost, i don't see why individuals would spend $300 on a high end brand.  By a few of these and give out to friends instead..."		
4	:	"[Update]: I received a replacement pair from the company in response to my negative review. I???m keeping the original review intact below, as the replacement shows that the quality is inconsistent for this product.PROS: Comfort, AudioThe replacement pair of headphones is still very comfortable and has surprisingly decent audio quality for the price. And again, I???m able to wear them for many hours at a time without discomfort; of course, my ears will get irritated if I leave them on for 8+ hours, but that would happen with any pair of headphones.INCONSISTENT: Battery life, Bluetooth antenna, microphoneAs I???ve now tried 3 pairs of this same model headphones, I???ve found some elements aren???t consistent with the product.Battery life on my current pair is not as great as the first two. Granted, it???s still very long, but it seemed to drain much faster than before. The first two seemed to turn themselves off when they didn???t receive an active signal for a period of time, but these don???t seem to do that. Battery will probably be fine as long as I remember to turn off the headphones when not in use.The Bluetooth antenna on this model seems to be normally powered. I???m not getting interference with my Bluetooth mouse and keyboard as I did before.Finally, the microphone, which was one of the major issues with the first two, seems to be ok this time. It seems to work fine indoors, but not as loud or clear as I???d like for meetings. I don???t trust it enough to try it outside again, as I worry it will pick up too much ambient noise again, and that???s not something I can test in a work meeting.CONS: inconsistencyThe only cons I have at this point, is the above noted inconsistent quality of the product. The headphones I have now are good, but I???ve had to replace them twice to get to that point.[Original review below, with headings added]:SUMMARY:I really wanted to keep these, but I need a headset with a decent microphone for conference calls at work, and the microphone on this is absolute garbage. That said, they were great as headphones for music.PROS: Comfort, Audio & BatteryThey are very comfortable and I'm able to wear them without discomfort for hours at a time. The audio quality is better than I expected for the price, with great mid-range. There's a slight boominess in the low end, and some harshness in the highs, but again, they're cheap.The battery life is not bad, either. I don't know exact times, but I used these heavily for about 2 weeks before needing a charge.CONS: Microphone, Inconsistent Quality, Bluetooth AntennaThe first pair I received had an issue that the headphones couldn't fold properly, as one of the wires connecting the headband to the earpiece was too short, and prevented folding. The replacement I ordered using Amazon's return policy did not have the issue, but almost does (one wire gets pretty tight when folded, the other not so much).As I mentioned, the microphone is total crap. The first pair I had, my teammates told me that there was so much ambient noise, they couldn't hear my voice (voice isolation and ambient noise redux is bad). With the replacement pair, my team complained of garbled audio.I've also had a lot of issues with the shoddy bluetooth antenna. Maybe it's overpowered or erratic, but I've had issues maintaining connection with a single device when paired with two devices. As advertised, it will pair with two devices, but even when one device is not playing audio, audio on the other device will be choppy, as if it's cycling between the two devices' audio signals. Even when disconnecting the headphones from one device, the issue persists, as I assume it constantly tries to repair with the antenna. I have to turn off the bluetooth antenna of one device or the other to resolve the issue. The breaking point was that while listening to a youtube clip today, my bluetooth mouse's connection was cutting out. Once I turned off the headphones, the mouse issue resolved itself."		
4	:	"Update:The seller contact me next day to issue a refund because I am not 100% satisfied. For company who does so well in customer service, I will just use the refund and buy their other model to give a try.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Using this for about 2 weeks and my feeling towards it is mixed. While I am happy for the sound, I am also disappointed that it hurts my ears after an hour so I couldn't use it as much.1. The quality and sound certainly beats my expectation. Yes there are better one out there but comparing apple to apple I feel this headphone is good for it's price range.2. The ear cup is too small. It's about 2 inches long and 1/2 inch deep. Sure it will be fine for some people but I just don't understand why can't they make it bigger so it can fit more people.  It's a big drawback for me regardless how good the sound is because I can't wear it for long to enjoy it.This would be 5 star if I have smaller ear. Unfortunately I can only say it's okay since I can't really enjoy it. Still debating if I should return it and look for another with bigger ear cup."		
4	:	"UPDATE 2:For posterity, I will be leaving my original review and update below, but consider this an entirely new review.The headphones are comfortable and fairly well-made. The sound quality is good enough for any casual user looking for a good set of headphones. The Bluetooth battery life is very long.Also commendable is Mpow's customer service. When my original pair stopped working, they helped me with troubleshooting and replaced the product when it still did not work. Hopefully this new set does not prove to have the same issues.-------------UPDATE:Well, it was good while it lasted, which was not very long. In wired mode, only the left ear receives sound. Bluetooth has become incredibly unresponsive, failing to turn on 90% of the time. When it does, it usually disconnects at random. I am extremely disappointed with what seemed to be a quality product failing so quickly. I would like a refund and/or a replacement.-------------ORIGINAL REVIEW:I am very satisfied with this purchase. Good sound quality and excellent battery life on Bluetooth mode. Looks different than the pictures, but still excellent quality."		
2	:	"I've gone through a handful of bluetooth headphones over the last several years. I buy them so I can play music on my cellphone and not be attached by a cord. And despite being older tech, it is actually kind of hard to find bluetooth headphones that are affordable, durable and work reasonably well.  I'll just go over what worked and didn't and you can decide from there.Battery life: These seem to actually be pretty impressive in terms of battery life. They arrived on a Tuesday and I charged them fully, turned them on and put them on constant use and there was not a peep about battery low until Saturday. And it did not take long to charge them back up again. so that was worthy of a full star.Sound: These are not Bose headphones. And I am not an audiophile. BUT with that said, I find that actually, these do not have a consistent sound. The music sounds fine but occasionally I get a crinkle sound or the song will outright cut out for a split second, every few songs or so. I thought perhaps if I had them fully charged, fully discharged and recharged again, it might clear up. This is not ok, and actually REALLY important in terms of value and quality of the headphones. I'm not expecting perfection but If I'm in the same room as the machine I'm connected to via bluetooth, I don't think it's unreasonable to expect the headphones to maintain a consistent connection.Comfort: Pretty reasonably comfortable. Not bad and I can wear my glasses while wearing the headphones.Signal strength: This is where I am at a loss. Because the crinkling and cutting out say that there is an issue with signal strength. BUT when I leave my room and wander the house, I can wander and the sound doesn't literally cut out due to a loss of signal through the many walls, You can walk away, leave the room and still listen to your music if you dont mind the occasional crinkle. None of the other headphones I have owned have been able to do this. So that was kind of awesome and worthy of a star in my opinion.Durability on this is in question still, as I've only had them a week.I really wanted to like these and keep them. They have serious potential. But overall I'm really disappointed with these and will be sending them back. I really wanted to keep them, because I like that it can read a signal from the distances in the house, and that they're comfortable and have kick ass battery life. But if it can't consistently hold a sound, and cuts out randomly with crinkly noises, they aren't worth keeping and that's disappointing."		
4	:	"The company reached out to me about my original review which has never happened to me before, and they sent a replacement without asking thinking it was a defect. Thanks for being concerned and so generous. The replacement still sounds the same as the original one, but since I've tested it a lot longer I'll try to revise the review. Starting with the pros: Build quality is good. It's a matte plastic, which doesn't appear to scratch easily and the headphones are decently constructed. The volume is pretty loud. Battery life is great. They are very light and comfortable. Bluetooth worked flawlessly. It was easy to connect and the connection was very stable, seeming to work even across the house! It has some nice extra features like the carrying pouch and the auxiliary jack for when you don't want to use your battery. The headphones have a good amount of adjustability and can fold very easily. Here are the only cons I have so far: the audio quality is disappointing. It's between good and okay, but not as good as I expected since some cheaper earbuds sound slightly better, but sometimes the headphones really can't handle certain music. The bass is adequate, but I expected a little more for the price, since my cheaper earbuds have more bass. For the most part, it sounds just fine for your listening needs and won't disappoint you like a dollar store pair of headphones, but sometimes when you're listening to certain genres like rock the instruments (especially cymbals) get dense and the headphones don't sound so great anymore. It sounds sharper than it should and hurts your ears. This only affects rock as far as I can tell and only in certain areas of very specific songs, so this isn't a deal breaker and you'll notice it 15% of the time you are using the headphones unless that is what you always listen to. Think: Green Day or any band with very energetic rock songs. The highs are a lot sharper than they should be in general, and the bass preset on my music app is required in order for them to sound normal. The headphones also leak a lot of noise. They aren't noise cancelling, which I don't mind but maybe you will. Overall I would recommend these headphones, but my original review was 3 stars mainly on the basis that my cheaper headphones sounded better, albiet this one has Bluetooth, and the songs I initially listened to were affected by this problem."		
5	:	"Got these 6 months ago and they are still working like a charm. If you're looking for quality headphones under $40, then look no further.Sound:Sound quality is great! If you're one of those people that loves excessive amounts of bass such that your head vibrates, then maybe these aren't the choice for you, but for the rest of normal mankind the bass is adequate.Comfort:They are also super comfortable for long periods of time and don't get hot. I've worn these things for 5+ hours straight at times around my apartment and never got irritated. I also like to wear them while I'm working in a lab (moving around a lot). They don't fall off, yet they still don't feel tight. Though I do have a big head.Battery:I LOVE the battery life on these things! It lasts FOREVER!!! I usually go about a week between charges and I'm a pretty heavy music addict.If I had to say any cons about these headphones it would be the buttons on the side. They work fine, but I would've preferred having additional buttons or a ""double press"" settings instead of having to hold the button down to change things. Other than that, they're great"		
5	:	"These are the best bluetooth headphones I've owned. I love the shape of them, the sound quality is surprisingly clear with a good range, it connected quickly and easily. Battery life is good, as well, and the materials feel sturdy. It's definitely built to last.There are just two minor complaints, enough to make this a 4.5 rather than a full 5:1)  It feels like any ""battery low"" or ""connected"" audio has nothing to do with what you're listening to. It's one, default volume, and that volume is LOUD. It's made me jump more than once.2) It doesn't connect to everything - for instance, I haven't gotten it to connect to my Samsung Chromebook laptop, though my previous pair could."		
5	:	"I wear glasses, this is one of the few headphones that are comfortable for long periods of time with glasses. I am around loud equipment during the day, these seal well enough that I don't need to put on different ear protectors, I can just turn off the music until I'm back in a more quiet area. The controls work well and are intuitive, it would be nice if the power/function button were differentiated better from the volume controls so it would be easier to tell which button is which. Even when I'm not wearing gloves it's hard to distinguish the buttons, with gloves it's nearly impossible."		
5	:	"i decided to try these for the gym after buying numerous 'bud' type headphones that died after a few months and the apple airpods that sound ok, but don't quite fit my ears very well. the sound on these is really great, bass is ample and tight. i don't listen to music that has booming bass like rap or such but some of the rock i listen too has a lot of bass (like MUSE, for instance) and it handles it with ease. they stay on really well when i'm at the gym, and do a pretty good job at cancelling out other noise and music as they play music really loud at my gym. the only complaint i have is that they do get hot and i'm wondering how the moisture from sweating will affect them down the road. but for the price, i think they are a great deal. hopefully, they will last a year or more. i've only had one set of phones last that long and they were about three times the price."		
5	:	"I love these headphones. They are comfortable for wearing for extended periods of time like watching a movie. The response seems to be pretty flat, as in the treble is not too brassy nor is the bass too boomy, it just has even re-creation of the music which I prefer. I used it first in corded mode for a few weeks till I got my Bluetooth dongle. I charged it up and it lasted about 2 weeks using it for a few hours every night. When it needs a charge, a woman's voice comes on and tells you every few minutes that the battery is low. At first, I thought it was part of the movie I was watching on my PC. It has pretty good Bluetooth range. There is nowhere in the house that I do not get good sound. So I can go to the kitchen for a glass of milk and still enjoy my tunes or podcasts. Pairing and operation are easy. It has a built-in microphone, though I have only used it once when I paired it with my i-phone and a call came through. I just pushed the middle button to answer the call. The forward and back buttons worked with my phone as well"		
4	:	"I just returned a more expensive set of  ANC headphones because of a long sound lag from my TV. These are more comfortable, easy to pair and will pair with two sources at the same time. The sound is good and they are lightweight.So what's wrong? Not the lag because it's almost not noticeable, but about every 15-20 minutes they disconnect and 20 seconds later they reconnect. They do this even when I have disconnected from the other source.The price is good, but not worth keeping because of the disconnect which is more than disconcerting. I really hate to send these back, but I don't see them getting any better.I upgraded my rating because it appears that DISH has a problem with its software which means I can't use them with my TV, but they work well with other devices. Today I received another pair from the seller without me asking...they just read my post. Great service and if these work even better then I'll go to 5 stars."		
5	:	"These headphones are amazing.  I have a pair of Bose that were so expensive I am afraid to use them at the gym so I bought these.  They are phenomenal. sound quality rivals Bose and the Beats my son owns.  Bluetooth works well.  They are super comfortable.  I have worn for two hours at a time while taking an online class.  I have probably used for 4 hours per day on telecons, at the gym, online class, listening to music.  They are great.  dialogue in TV shows and such is clear, work great as phone headset, and music sounds wonderful, especially bass.  The build quality is superior.  Best of all the customer service is amazing.  They sent me a welcome email to ask if everything was going ok.  I was running into a question so email to them and received a response with the correct answer within an hour.  I am definitely buying a second pair for the office."		
4	:	"Great bluetooth headset. However,  bluetooth headsets have the inherent problems that bluetooth comes with - the audio is limited to single channel while using the microphone so it sounds horrendous.  If not using the microphone audio is amazing in stereo at this price point.  However,  I wish this was explicit when buying this item as it does not work as intended - stereo headset with microphone support. In order for a headset to work in such a manner it needs its own usb connector.Update:Is comfortable and sits well on the head.  Company goes out of their way to make sure you are happy with the product."		
4	:	"Well, I ordered this 22 days ago. Comfort-check. Sound-check.  Durability-FAIL. After just 3 weeks, one of the ear pieces popped off and will not go back on.  The ear cushion has a tiny rim of thin, slightly stretchy plastic to try to get it back on there and it just doesn't work. I am frustrated that I spent $30 on these only to have them fall apart in less than a month.UPDATE 7/1/18:The company reached out to me and sent me another pair of headphones, which arrived yesterday. I was also informed that they have a guarantee on their products, which I did not realize.  I am adjusting my rating to 4 stars to reflect the awesome customer service and guarantee. I am not sure how these will hold up yet, but if they do better than the original pair, I will be happy to bump it up to 5 stars.  I will also reiterate that I find these to be very comfortable and I personally like the sound (but I'm not picky on sound quality). I was looking for a pair that wouldn't make my ears hurt (glasses wearer) and these definitely work for that."		
5	:	"Extremely good headset for the price.  Definitely not a $150 headphone, but for the money A) the sound is quite good, B) the battery life is quite good, and the controls/pairing are ""rock-solid"".I initially found this when looking for a headset (I ended-up sticking with my hard-wired headset for Skype).  While this has a mic, it isn't on a ""boom"", so I just use this as headphones.  EXCELLENT value for the money.  There were some comments about not being over-ear, but with my very large head (and perhaps normal sized ears), the cups fit completely over my ears.  Maybe some people have much bigger ears? :-)"		
5	:	"But, wow I am having a really hard time connecting to my bluetooth adapter. Connects fine to android phone and fire stick. When it does connect to the computer, it cuts in and out. Tried reinstalling drivers. Moved adapter to different ports. Bought several adapters. Same result. Will update if I find a solutionUPDATE- What great customer service! Originally a 2 star review, I upped the rating due to the fact that they sent me a new pair. Alas, I have the same dilemma. Work fine with phone, tablet, fire stick and vlc player. But when I stream from my pc, they cut out. I've tried multiple Bluetooth adapters and multiple ports. I guess I'll stick to my mxcder pair. All other headphones work. Pretty weird."		
5	:	I enjoy these headphones and would recommend them as a cost effective alternative to the big brands!		
5	:	"This review is for the Mpow H1 headphones, which I got for around $30, and I think have an excellent value/price ratio compared to leading heaphones in the $20-$100 range, including lower end Seinheisers and Audio-TechnicasPros:1.) Excellent sound quality for the price (equivalent to models double it's price)2.) Very comfortable2.) Ability to switch between wired (no battery use) and wireless mode3.) Good bluetooth range4.) Long battery life (like really long... haven't exhausted it yet)Cons (all minor):1.) Can make the ears hot (i's like wearing ear-muffs, but this will be true of ANY over-the-ear headphone with good isolation)2.) Long-press vs short press button function reversed from the standardI compared these to some lower end Seinheiser headphones (HD 202 ~$60), and a couple really cheap headphone sets ($10). These were way better than the cheap ones in terms of sound quality. I couldn't really tell a difference between these and the Seinheisers as far as sound quality goes. They do sound different though (soundstage is different, and there's a little more bass). I am pretty happy. I'm not an audiophile, but I had a pair of lower end Audio-Technicas (~$70, not sure which model but probably the M20x, M40x or similar) for a few years that I loved. I lost them, and I got the Mpow H1 to replace them. I love the Mpow. Feature wise it definitely beats the Audio-Technica and Seinheisers with it's wired/wireless modes. The Mpow's are also more comfortable then the Seinheisers, and similar to the Audio-Technicas (I believe - can't compare directly since they're lost). My only complaint is a short press on the buttons skips or fast forwards, whereas a long press changes the volume. This is a weird choice, and is opposite the way most wireless headphones work. Also, I can't wear them outside on a warm day because they make my ears to hot. This will obviously be the same with any close-back over-the-ear headphones, though, especially if the have good sound isolation."		
4	:	"Sound ok for the price, broke in 2 months of regular use, one of the ear cushions  came off and have no way of putting it back on, the seller asked me to send a photo of it, I do not know how to send photo on amazon???s messaging system. It???s cheaply made, you get what you pay for I guess.Update 7-18-2018After read my review seller sent me new set of headphones, service isn???t bad, hope this one lasts."		
5	:	"These are great. Love going for runs in these. They are super comfy, hold to my head firmly but not too firm to give me a headache. Sound quality is great. And the best part is I have been using them at the gym for a few hours here and there and it has been almost three weeks now and I haven't needed to recharge them. The battery retains a lot of life even if you are not actively jamming with them.So the one thing that you'll need to get used to is that there are just three buttons on the outside ear cover. One is for power (in the middle) and the two outside buttons move tracks forward or backward. If you want to adjust for volume, the solution I go with is to tweak it on my phone. But the function for it on the ear is to hold down longer on one of the outer buttons to bump it down or up. But that is kinda hard to do while running. I just end up skipping or replaying a track every time, so it would have been nice if the design deployed a small dial or two other small buttons but like I said you'll get used to it. The quality is worth the value."		
5	:	"This was SO worth the $35 price tag! Not only is it SO comfortable, but the sound is AMAZING! Entirely noise cancelling, super soft ear pads, and great range and bass. I got a double helix and tragus piercing, so I couldn't use earbuds because they need to heal. Using one headphone SUCKS so I just bit the bullet to search for wireless over the ear headphones and these are SO perfect! Nothing touches my piercings and is JUST what I need to heal them and still use them for my phone, iPad, laptop and at the gym! The black is mat and the traveling bag is SO nice and great quality!"		
4	:	"These are great for phone calls and listening to music. I have a problem listening to TV or movies as the sound tends to drop out completely when the is a quiet spot in the show. I use them with the Mpow [G-2] Bluetooth 4.1 Transmitter/Receiver when listening to my smart TV (which isn't smart enough to have its own Bluetooth connection) so using these headphone through that Transmitter/Receiver may be the cause of the problem. I haven't had that sound drop out problem when using these headphones with my computer, iPod or iPhone which doesn't need the Mpow [G-2] Bluetooth 4.1 Transmitter/Receiver as they each have built-in Bluetooth.Other things I like about these headphones are that are light in weight, have good battery life, are comfortable to wear for extended periods of time and recharge easily. I would give them 5 stars if I could use them with my TV and not have the sound dropout problem. If I can figure out whether it's the H1 or the G-2 Bluetooth 4.1 transmitter/receiver I'll change my review."		
2	:	"Three buttons don't work right, try to turn the thing on and play my MP3 from my android, and it wants to turn off or goes into pairing mode. I just want to listen to my music, always have to go through this BS. Mow lawns, it blocks outside noise poorly, try to turn the sound up or down and it changes tracks, and who the hell knows  what the battery level is. You'd think they could have add'ed a couple more buttons, like it's own volume button, long type, up on one side, down on the other, and some kind of battery indicator. Would have sent this back but I was too buzzy. Don't know how this got all the stars but I'm getting pretty sick of throwing money away on Chinese garbage like this. Will not recommend"		
4	:	"All in all these are very nice headphones and especially at their price point.  I've been using them at work for a couple of months now and they still look brand new.  So far I haven't had any BT issues with my iPhone 8+ and they work from the cable input as well.My only nitpick would be that the headphones *requires* a THIN 3.5mm stereo jack or it won't completely seat into the socket.  Kind of a poor design here since they don't include a cable.  I managed to find one on Amazon so it wasn't a big deal.Audio quality isn't stellar and but it's surprisingly good -- and this goes for using either connection method.PS.  For those looking for a small, compact solution then look elsewhere.  Despite the semi-folding design they're still quite bulky."		
1	:	"At first I loved these headphones. They felt great, the sound quality was good, and they paired quickly and easily. However, 5 months into owning them the left speaker has stopped working. I guess I should have had low expectations due to the low price, but those expectations should be tied to sounds quality and fit. Not whether or not something will break quickly. I guess ???you get what you pay for??? applies to all aspects of this product."		
1	:	"I got this in December, and by April, one side stopped working. It doesn???t matter how good or bad it sounds if I can only listen from one side. And I couldn???t even get it returned or repaired because the dates for that had passed. I didn???t drop it or get it wet or anything, I treated it carfully because I DID NOT want that exact thing to happen. I recommend buying something else."		
5	:	"5 Stars so far.  Great price, great comfort and easy to use.One note for anyone else.  I had no trouble pairing these with my phone and laptop.  However it took most of a day to pair them with my desktop PC that uses a USB/Bluetooth adapter.  In the end the thing that worked was to (a) uninstall the adapter and all associated software (this included drivers and bluetooth software found in add/remove programs.  (b) Restart the computer with the USB adapter in place.  This installed the Generic Bluetooth Adapter instead of the CSR Stack that was there before."		
5	:	"I???ve used these quite a few times while working out and I???m pretty satisfied. They???re not noise canceling but the sound quality is great and the volume goes up loud enough for my liking (my ears my regret that later). They have received the audio engineering boyfriends seal of approval as well. Really super product for such a low price!The only two cons are that these seem to have been made for a larger head. They are adjustable but even at the smallest setting they are a smidge too big for me. I do mostly lifting in the gym so it???s not a problem, but these would have to come off any time i wanted to do sprints or HIIT. In addition, the part that goes over your ear is not that large. It fits me comfortably, but does not entirely cover my boyfriends ears.I definitely recommend these."		
4	:	"I have two of these headsets.  I use them occasionally.  Overall I am quite pleased.  I just wore one set for about 12 hours and found them to be better than many other headsets I have used for that period of time.The controls are not bad once you get used to the.  I id have one ear pad come off of the mount.  I will have to try and remove the mount and reattach.  It seems that some others have had the same problem.If you are trying to pair this, or any other headset, with a fire tv box I have had the best results placing it right next to the fire tv box.  Sometimes I have to unplug the power from the fire tv box and then try pairing again."		
5	:	"Very happy with this product! Headphones fits comfortably and are very lightweight. Has great sound quality and the microphone is crystal-clear. Hopefully these headphones are more durable than the headphones that they replace. Old unit headband cracked from normal use because it was plastic.Mpow Bluetooth Headphones Over Ear, Hi-Fi Stereo Wireless Headphones, Comfortable for Wearing, Wired and Wireless Headphones, Built-in Mic Foldable Headset for PC/ Cell Phones"		
3	:	"Lasted 2 weeks  Audio quality was ok, as expected for the price  But then, one channel died without  warning after just 2 weeks of light use.  Returning, hope I get a refund ????UPDATE:  Replacement is working fine after several weeks.  Yay."		
5	:	"Thought that I had left my Pioneer ($129.99) headphones at the gym several weeks ago, so I decided to go cheap and buy the Mpow H1 headphones.  Man!  What a pleasant surprise!  These were so much better than an older pair of Mppow's that I had a few years back.  In fact, I prefer them to my Pioneer's (which I found two days ago in my Daughter's car?)They are by far, more comfortable.. and the Pioneer's were not uncomfortable.  The sound quality is also superior.. cleaner, with a very full range with solid low's, clean mid-range, and perfect high's.Even though my Pioneer's were found, the Mpow HI's have become my fav!"		
4	:	"Mine arrived with a loose part rattling around in one side.  Sound quality in that ear seems a bit off.  Naturally I'm leaving the country for two weeks tomorrow.  Not cool.6/16/18 Update:Mpow sent me a replacement after seeing my review here.  The replacement set has a better built quality (no rattling parts) and the sound is correct.  Unfortunately I didn't have the headset in time for my trip, but I've updated the review from 3 stars to 4 because they did reach out to me and the new headset works."		
4	:	"Doesn't seem to have drivers support to connect to Bluetooth on PC. Turning them off is a bit harsh with the lots voice commands. Otherwise, good headphones. Very comfortable and sound is good. I love the cushion and the soft material.Although, after about a month I noticed that the sound was really bad when I connected it to my computer. I tried other headphones to make sure it wasn't my computer but the other ones sounded good. I tried another cable to connect them and it turns out that the cable that came with the headphones is trash. The aux cable I had from a few years ago made the headphones sound just as good as it does on bluetooth mode with my phone. If you buy these, make sure you have another high quality aux cable as well."		
4	:	"I???ve had these for about a week. I really like them. I???ve worn them for hours at a time watching Netflix on my iPad, or listening to music and podcasts. They???re super-comfortable, if warm after a while, like almost every over-hear headphones I???ve had. They pair easily and have great sound for the price.The only downwside for me is that earlier, I was listening to music on my iPhone and there was a noticable, persistent stutter in playback. I found out after trying to use my ipad that they were paird to it was well. Unpairing from my iPad fixed the stutter with the iPhone playback. This is a minor issue that I???m not terribly concerned with aside from finding out exactly what the problem was. Simply, I???ll disconnect from one before listening on another.I???ve recommended these to friends if they???re in the market for BT headphones. I use them more than my Bose wired headphones. The sound quality isn???t as good, but for my ears, it???s close enough???and close enough to be worth it for wireless + affordability. Would definitely buy again."		
5	:	"Really like these Mpow H1's. Using them just for music so far. Sound quality is very good  - rich, full, plenty of bass for me  (I'm not a bass boost lover). Fairly light, fit my big head pretty comfortably, all that cushion makes them a little warm on the ears. Very good isolation too - ambient noise is largely cancelled.Charged them up, pressed the power button for a few seconds, and they paired easily with my PC Bluetooth. I found I could get about 30' away in line of sight space, but at that distance walls and such will make them break up.Can't say how long on a charge - been using them a few days for an hour here, an hour there, and they're still going.Easy controls, nice sound, all on all, really good value."		
5	:	"Sometimes you take a gamble. You see bargains on here. They offer a product packed with premium features for a bargain price. They usually have silly, nonsensical, ""Engrish"" names - like Mpow. But rarely do these items prove to be anymore than a cheap imitation. Simply stated, these things are amazing. They sound great, have amazing battery life, have great range, and sounds d terrific for the human spoken word, ie voice chat. The one thing that isn't surprising is the terrible, horrible microphone quality. Do not expect to use the microphone and get terrific quality. That said, I have yet to be satisfied with any Bluetooth microphone quality - even from the stereo system of a luxury car they're all garbage these headsets are a terrific buy!"		
5	:	"I work in an office and have a noisy cubicle partner who bangs on her keyboard constantly, so I Bought these to block out the noise of her. They work great! Sound is great. Only complaint I have is that the volume buttons are hard to use when adjusting sound. You gotta hold in the buttons for like 2 or more seconds in order to adjust the volume, otherwise the songs will skip to the next song. They hold a good charge so far. Comfortable to wear. Overall, happy buyer!"		
5	:	I have always had problems with any form of headphones until I found this! These Headphones are a dream come true. No pain and I've worn them for hours at a time. The have a large cup that goes around the entire ear rather than resting on them They can be either blue tooth or use a corded. Call comes in while you're using them and poof you're connected. I haven't had any complaints from people I've spoken to so the mic must be pretty good too although i don't know where its hidden. Highly recommended!		
4	:	"This product is great!  Its my second Mpow product and they definitely deliver awesome value and quality.I am using the headphones for gaming.  They are wireless, and NOT sound cancelling.  I need to be able to hear whats going on in my house besides the game im currently playing, so these are perfect.  Also great for cleaning and doing chores around the house/ cutting the grass and doing work outdoors.My only slight issue with the product is i sometimes have connectivity issues when first starting up.  For example, ill turn these on, they instantly pair with my computer, but then when i open a game client they get no sound.  Its takes a little tampering with but it might be the crappy bluetooth USB dongle im using.  Just ordered a newer, higher quality PCIe bluetooth adapter.  That should help!"		
5	:	"I do freelance transcription and when my trusty headset died I wanted to cry because I didnt have the money to buy a really good headset. I borrowed my sons headphones which were nothing short of a headache, but the sound quality was enough to get me through with some of my more difficult audio files.Let me just say choosing this headset was the best thing I could have done! I was weary because I mean come on who isn't a little sketch when they order something online, especially when you desperately need it to work?I've been wearing this headset for nearly two days straight, other than charging it out of the box its gone on like a champ! Clear audio for both voices and music! I can hear people muttering in the background better than ever.The blue tooth range in this thing is amazing. I've walked all over my house without so much as a flicker in my audio which I couldnt even get with my 200$ headset!Comfort level, I wear glasses so this is almost always an issue for me with over the ear headsets. No issue with these whatsoever. I can wear them for hours without feeling any discomfort at all. They don't bother me with my glasses, and I dont swear to death with them on.The noise cancelling isn't quite as good, but its more than sufficient to block out most noise so you can focus on whatever your listening to. I live with family and some of them are a little on the death side so the TV is always up pretty high. I can only hear it because of paper thin walls and my rooms is right behind the living room tv.  But they're certainly good enough that I dont hear my phone right next to me ringing while I'm transcribing.All in all worth ever penny I paid for these things! I only wish I'd found them sooner!"		
5	:	I have several Mpow products and this headset is also a great quality and value product!  I use it around the house and even while mowing and yard work.  I like that I can take it on trips and use it either alone or with the on-board entertainment system.  There are headsets at double or triple the price with a little better quality sound and deeper bass but overall this headset is great!  Highly recommend!		
5	:	"When I ordered these headphones, I seriously couldn't wait until I had them in my hands. Man, I wasn't disappointed. The instructions state that you have to charge the battery when you want to use it for the first time. So, I did. After that, I paired it with my cell phone.And oh, my god. The first thing I did was load up, ""Right Now"" by Korn. A really bassy song. I wasn't disappointed. Then I loaded up ""Comfortably Numb"" by Pink Floyd. It brought to life one of my favorite songs by Pink Floyd. After that, I went onto YouTube to view some videos. All I can say is that if I could give these headphones any more stars, I could. Every penny was worth it."		
5	:	"The sound quality of these headphones is better than most other Bluetooth headsets of similar design that I have tried.  The oversized earpieces provide a moderate amount of isolation but still allow you to hear traffic, etc.  Though these are not the lightest headphones on the market, they are very comfortable due to the padding provided.  The controls are simple to operate and the buttons are well spaced so that they are easily identified by touch.  These headphones paired instantly with an iPhone 7.  The range of volume and the sound quality produced are significantly above average. Overall, these headphones have exceeded my expectations, especially considering the price."		
5	:	"Lightweight over the ear headphones.  I enjoy listening to books and these are the most comfortable headphones I own and I have several.  They stay in place allowing me to accomplish many tasks while listening, have an excellent range, easy to adjust and so light you forget that you are wearing them.  The only thing that is awkward is the on/off signal, it doesn???t give a clear visual signal that it has gone off, only audio and I usually shut off after removing them (hardly a serious defect). I wish they used a slide button instead of a push."		
4	:	"Ok, the Mpow H1 headphones are not bad by any means, but most of the problems are with the sound and not with the  headphones themselves. The sound is almost overly crisp, where the bass is pretty much non-existent, so not good for genres like rock and hip/hop. One design fail, is the wires come out of the headphones and make them feel cheap like they're going to break at anytime, so they will probably break very quickly if you cannot take extremely good care of them. Also, if you like to fold them up that may be a factor. One other complaint, the headphones are very comfortable BUT they make your ears feel very hot without long use, so that is a problem. One good thing, the company I got these headphones from have one of the best customer service responses I've ever had. After returning this particular product, they actually sent me a pair of the Mpow 059 which are so much better! Thanks for that guys!"		
5	:	"Do not let the price point scare you... These $35 MPOW H1's are a steal at that price. The sound is fantastic. They come extremely close to my Sony MDR7506 headphones, but without the wire! The fit is comfortable, and at just over 6 oz, they don???t cause fatigue. In other reviews I???ve heard complaints about having to press and hold the center (call/power) button for 4 seconds which enters pairing mode, then release and press it for another 4 seconds to power off. I have found that if you just press and hold the button for about 6 seconds, you will hear the ???Disconnected??? announcement(s) followed by the ???Pairing???, then the ???Power off??? announcements. These headphones also allow you to pair two devices AT THE SAME TIME! Though you cannot listen to music from both of those devices at the same time. Whichever media stream starts first, that is what you will hear. However, when the first stream stops, if the seconds device is still streaming, you will start hearing that. They did this so (as I plan to do) you can pair it to one device for your music (which would be my laptop) and pair it to the second device for phone calls. I???m considering buying a second pair, so I can have a pair on each floor of my house. Yes??? They are that good."		
5	:	"These are VERY comfortable to wear, we have tried many headphones and these don't pinch or smash the ear area. These keep out sound to the point that you have to stand next to the person and speak loudly to get their attention... not a good thing if you don't know they are wearing them. My kids use them for audio books, or doing computer work. They covers all of the ear. Even for adults. We use them daily and they are sturdy, we like that you can use the wire that is included or go wireless with blue tooth. The carrying case is a nice bonus also. Worth the money, although the price was great too."		
5	:	"First of all, the value on this thing is great! The only other contender in this pricepoint is the 059. The sound quality is great, much better than you'd expect, and they are pretty comfortable, sounds like all of the things one would look for in a headphone for travellingThe size is ok, haven't really tried the mic, blocks off sound rather wellThere is one But thoughCons:The weird button layout, my friend has a 059 and it has a pretty straightforward button setup, but this, the H1 only has 3 buttons, so some buttons do 2 things e.g. next track and volume up. One of the worst offenders is the power button, which is also the pairing button, that one button so far is mildly annoying, when I try to turn it off it goes into pairing mode, that is pretty annoying, but I'll get used to it?Will see if I get the hang of it, if not then I guess I will have to return it, because small things like these sometimes drive me nutsPs.The company doesn't disappoint, they got in touch with me and sent me a pair of the 059s at no cost"		
5	:	"Headphones work great for 10 year old and adult.  They feel super comfortable and seem well made (I like the stitching!). I'm no audiophile, but watching TV shows with it was a pleasure. Really surprised how long the battery for BT lasts."		
5	:	"I love these headphones, they're very comfortable, the sound quality is decent, and the range is great as well.  However, in just slightly over 3 months of medium usage they no longer retain a charge.  They work just fine if you plug it into anything that can give it a charge, but the moment you disconnect it, it dies.  I would give this probably a 4 (if not a 5), but for around $38 I would expect it to last at least a year.Update:  I'm changing this to a 5-stars as the customer service is amazing with this company.  They were willing to go the extra mile in making sure that I had a working product.  If and or when I plan on purchasing any new Bluetooth headphones, I'll continue purchasing through this company."		
5	:	"Sound is good but I was hoping they'd be a bit morenoise cancelling from other noises.UPDATE - This seller was kind enough to send me replacement earphones. The new ones are much quieter and much more comfortable. They also have very good sound.I use them primarily to listen to podcasts, training videos, etc and not looking for high quality stereo sound. But when I'm listening to these things, they truly tune out any other noises such as my husband watching TV in the other room which was a huge distraction for me. Also, I can listen to them and not have him interject when I'm trying to learn.The new headphones are a hit!"		
4	:	"I picked these up right before another color went on sale for $7 less, so I'm a little irked by that, but overall I can't be mad.  They don't have the refinement I'd expect from higher priced alternatives, but they do the job and are a great upgrade for someone looking for a little virtual isolation in a loud-ish work space.Pro:Good sound quality. Coming up from some pretty cheap gear, this are definitely in a better tier of quality. I'm not huge on bass, but these have a strong bass presence I don't find overwhelming.Decent passive noise reduction - blocks white noise well, and makes it easy to ignore nearby office chatter.The mechanism for folding in the cups is easy and feels like it won't wear out easily.One-button-hold for on/off/pairing was intuitiveNo issues with battery life so farNeutral:Plugging in the audio cable instantly powers them off - preserving battery but limiting featuresCon:Pressure on the ears - I have a large head and large ears, and it's tricky to get these to set so that they're not irritating my ears after a short time.  The description acknowledges you should take them off every couple hours, but I often have to adjust them repeatedly just a few minutes in to find the right angle.Volume controls - dual purpose track change/volume buttons haven't given me the best experience, unintentionally changing tracks or starting over. Volume adjusts in steps that are too large for my preferences, so I'm often left wanting to be halfway between two selectable levels (including when using the paired devices audio up/down buttons).Microphone - might work well in a quiet space, but mild background white noise in my office after everyone was gone (computer fans from other desks) made my caller think I was driving on speakerphone. I could never get away with using these to take any business calls or join meetings."		
5	:	"I love these headphones! I upgraded to these from the 059 and don't have any regrets. The leather on the headband is softer. It also stretches to fit my big head a little easier too. I can listen to these for hours on end and now feel like I'm being squeezed. I love the material on the ear pads too. A little thinner than the 059, but extremely comfortable. The sounds quality is really good too! I've made a few voice calls and facetime calls with them, and the person on the other end has been able to hear me just fine.I love these headphones and am very impressed with the customer service. I'm a lifetime customer with no regrets!!"		
5	:	Use these six days a week in the gym. Comfortable...almost forget they are on. Recommend highly and would buy again.Battery life is great. Usually charge after 3 or 4 days. I workout for 2-3 hours a day and sweat...a lot. No problem with these since 3/18 purchase. I generally throw them on the passenger seat and just charge on the short drive to and from gym. Sound quality seems very good and drown out the crap the gym plays. If they die I'll buy another but they are going strong.Wrote this a while ago and never submitted. Still going strong with 2 cross country trips in the car added. Still THROW these on the passenger seat everyday and still holding up and look new.. 11/30/18		
5	:	I am really pleased with these headphones.  They are light and comfortable and sound great.  I did have to update the audio drivers in my laptop to get the base to come in but that was the laptop no the earphones.  All in all love them		
5	:	"****EDITED REVIEW***(08/30/18)--I received an email from seller that it's possible I may have been sent a defective pair of headphones. They shipped another pair, at no charge. I did not expect this and think that was great on the sellers part. I can not say whether the new pair will have the same cracking/peeling issue. I don't plan on using them until my initial pair stop working. As I stated in my original review, that issue did not interfere with the functionality, only appearance. They power up quickly, connect right away, and lasts as long as I need them to. I have changed my original 3 stars to 5 due to the excellent customer service response.When I begin using the replacement pair, I will follow up this review with an update. *********(Original)The sound quality is great for the price point. I've had these for nearly a month. I wear them a few times a week for about 3-4 hours at a time. With most over-the-head headphones, I will start to feel them smashing my earlobes after a while, but they are still comfortable. If I was wearing them longer, I may not be able to say that.The only complaint I have is the material is cracking/flaking/peeling off(???) on one side. Not sure what is causing it or why, but it doesn't seem to interfere with playback. Hopefully it doesn't cause the earphone to peel off.The controls work perfectly and are placed exactly where they can be accessed easily.I have not used these for phone calls so I can not say how the microphone works. I've only used to listen to music/audiobooks and I can hear what I am listening to without any interference.I would give 4 stars if not for the issue with the cracking/peeling issue. (See photo)"		
5	:	"This Mpow headphone is extremely well built, I can't imagine that anything would every break. Both the sound quality and the battery life are excellent. I have an external blue tooth transmitter connected to my TV set's audio output and the Mpow headphone easily connects to the transmitter and the sound works great, sound quality is excellent. If I turn up the TV volume (which I never do normally) the bluetooth audio is slightly delayed from the audio on the TV speakers. But the delay is so slight that I cannot tell there is one when I view the moving lips of whoever is talking on the TV. My only mild complaints are: (1) the strong, spring steel inside the very nice leather headband makes the unit sit a little too tightly on my head. For an hour or two it's not a problem, but for anything longer I begin to get fatigue from it, and (2) it has only a plus and a minus button for turning volume up and down and the response from using them is a little touchy. Note that I went to a couple of retailers and tried out numerous other common brands and models and found nothing under $150 that was as good as this unit. Unless you want to spend a lot more don't hesitate to buy this headphone."		
5	:	"I saw the great reviews and had to try these headphones.  I generally use Bluedio $180 headphones but I find myself using these more and more. Certainly the sound does not even come close to the Bluedio. The sound is acceptable for the price range though no static.  I actually forget they are on.  The weight, or lack of, is the amazing feature on these headphones.  I like to sit in a recliner and listen to a book or music, these are so comfortable I easily fall asleep.  Considering the price and the comfort, these are a great second pair that is quickly becoming my first pair."		
5	:	"So far I have used these headphones solely with my HP laptop (music, podcasts).I bought a pair of Monoprice 108323 headphones on Amazon 2 years ago. The sound was ok for $22 but they became rather uncomfortable after wearing them for an hour or so. Finally in the summer of '18 the plastic headband broke so I began looking for a new pair. At under $35, I couldn't be happier with the Mpow H1 Bluetooth Headphones.These are everything the Monoprice set was not. Very comfortable, I can wear them all night and forget I have them on. The sound quality is a distinct improvement as well. The highs tended to sound a bit shrill in the Monoprice, but they are crisp & clean with the Mpow H1. Mids have warmth as opposed to getting lost in the Monoprice. The bass is fine enough considering the price.Being that I wasn't looking to spend a lot of money, I wasn't too concerned with getting bluetooth headphones but I'm so glad I did. The Mpow H1's seem to hold a charge very well, and you can always go back to the cord is you run out of juice.All in all, I'm very happy with the Mpow H1.. It's only been 2 months so time will tell in terms of durability but for the sound quality, comfort and bluetooth capability these have been a superb choice at $35."		
2	:	"A good product when it???s in working condition. First the good. The sound quality is very good for the price. My kids have beats and Bose headphones. I always prefer bose to beats. I???d say sound quality wise these are on a par with the beats. The battery life is great. I use them when I work out. its been almost three weeks, four times a week, one hour each time. I am still on the first charge. And they seem to have 80% juice left. They are also very comfortable. Great for workout.  Even though they are not noise cancellation type they do a good job isolating me from the surroundings.Now my main complain is the build quality. One of the spongy cups that go over the ears came off all of a sudden. Don???t know how. Hopefully it???s just an issue with this set. I am going to have to return them."		
5	:	"Wow, these are the best headphones I've ever had.  I refuse to buy the high priced ones (I'm Scottish).  These last for days.  I use them to watch tv and they automatically hook up to my phone and the tv.  If I get a call I can push a button to answer it without knowing where my phone is.  Haven't figured out how to switch back to tv when I hang up, but I'm sure it's possible.  These cover my ears and feel comfortable for hours.  I love that I can walk around the downstairs and still hear the tv.  The ear cushions fold in so this takes up little space.  It gets loud enough that I can hear and understand what is being said on tv, but the music is not good at all."		
3	:	"Really in love with these headphones when I first started using them, got them on a recommendation from a friend. They don't really do much to cancel noise, but they are VERY soft and easy to wear for hours at a time. They fit well over my ears. I like that I can advance/stop/reverse the song playing by the buttons on the earpiece, but there's no volume control. Got them in July, they broke in November- just 4 months. The left side headphone stopped producing sound. I took it apart to find out what the issue was (thinking I could repair a loose wire pretty easily, my husband works on electronics) only to find the inside of the thing is really poorly put together. The wire leading into the headphone earpiece is tied in a knot to prevent it from being overextended when the ear piece flexes (which is a really bad design, wires should not be tied in knots and then used as doorstops, you're asking for trouble). We couldn't find tools to take apart the arm of the headphones to check the other side for problems, so we ended up having to just throw them in the trash. Anyway, wouldn't buy them again after seeing the inside of them."		
5	:	"Great headphones for the price. I bought these after returning another pair (different brand) that sounded terrible and was a little more expensive.  I guess I am somewhat of an audiophile.  I am a sound tech for a church and enjoy good sound.  I was very pleasantly surprised at the sound quality.  The lows, midrange and highs were very  well balanced. I am a child of the 70s and 80s classic rock era so I like my music hard driving and loud.  These headphones do not dissapoint in that area also.  They are lightweight and comfortable to wear.  I workout with them, work around the house, and use them at church when I remotely adjust individual band members on our mixing board via an Mpow Bluetooth transmitter.I basically wanted a cheaper pair of multipurpose headphones and these more than fit the bill.  Overall an excellent product for the price that I would highly recommend."		
5	:	What I like is the battery life is amazing. Connecting to my samsung galaxy s7 was quick and easy. They fit perfectly over my ears and I have some what big ears. I love when I listen to music I can't hear anyone or really anything going on around me (not even on the highest the volume setting). I made calls and I read the complaints but everyone I call hears me fine I just have a hard time hearing myself. I walked through my entire 1 story house and even into the basement and didn't lose connection as my phone remained in my room on my charger (not until I went outside down my drive way did it start to break-up). Its the third day since I got these and charged them when I got them but haven't since and it's still on a full charge. The only problem I could see with these is when it gets to be summer they'll make your ears sweat but if that's a problem you can turn the on full blast and it'll sound like a mini stereo.		
3	:	"These headphones worked well for a while ??? good sound quality, pretty sturdy build, blocked outside noise really well. But now when you try to listen to anything with them, it either only works on the left side of the headphones, or it sounds like you're in a wind tunnel and nothing else is heard now. No music. No podcasts. Just a sound that mimics wind blowing. Really, really disappointed and frustrated.UPDATE: Kudos to Patozon. I'm upgrading my review from one star to three after they saw this review and quickly sent out a replacement. So far, so good. If the new pair continues to do well, I will upgrade the review again."		
2	:	"Unfortunately, I will be returning these headphones. While they make work for some people, they did not work for me.Pros: comfortable and good sound quality when listening to music.Cons:The phone call/microphone did not work. I tried calling on my Iphone 7 and the person on the other end complained of an insistent and loud ringing noise. I then tried calling on Factime and there was a similar sound and a white noise sound. We performed a variety of tests, me moving away from the phone, standing still, moving my head back and forth, and just taking the headphones off and leaving them on the opposite side of the room from myself. In all of these tests the person on the other end still heard the sounds. The only time they didn't hear the noise was when I called them from my computer on Facebook Messenger. Since one of the reasons I wanted to use the headphones was to call people, these were completely inefficient.Also, they look really bulky and a bit ridiculous on. If you are looking for something more streamlined this is not the headset for you."		
5	:	"Pros: great headphones in terms of sound quality; fit well on my head and ears; adjustable; soft, cushioned band; good volume for calls, which is saying something because my phone is weird.Con: although they fit well on my head, I can't move too much in them as they are a bit loose, but I like them like that because usually over-the-ear headphones cause my ears to hurt, but with these, it takes hours before my ears ache. And by too much, I mean, they wouldn't be ideal for athletic use.I have yet to try the bluetooth function; I've just been plugging them in like regular headphones. No real complaints so far."		
5	:	"I love these headphones. While I'm not an audiophile, I think the quality is great and they are definitely pretty noise cancelling (I often can't hear people trying to talk to me, for better or worse lol). The sound quality on phone calls is also good, just the same as without a headset. They are comfortable and adjust well. The controls are helpful and work well. I like that they automatically power off after 10 min if you turn off Bluetooth on your phone or computer. I have noticed the range on my MacBook is pretty limited though. Also you can have it connected to two devices at once but I've noticed it really decreases the quality. Additionally, while the battery lasts a SUPER long time, the battery indicator that it shows on my phone is not accurate. I don't know if that's more of an issue with my phone though (Google pixel 2). I charge it every three or four days regardless though, so it's not a big deal. Bottom line, this is a great product and a great value."		
5	:	"Purchased this item as I wanted decent performing Bluetooth headphones without paying too much.  Will be using these at work and outside, so the chances of damaging them are high.  I have to say that after using for a week, I am more than happy with them.  I previously had a pair from another manufacturer which I paid about the same price, but these are much more superior in the audio performance and along with syncing much easier.  These are a great value, cannot beat the performance for the price paid.  I am happy with my purchase and would do it again at this juncture."		
5	:	"Reasonably good sound and easy to use. I have another set f headphones of another brand that cost $80 on Amazon that are a real pain to ""pair"" with the bluetooth device. These Mpow headphones charge up fast and last hours, never ran out of power yet in an evening. They are a little clumsy on the head, but for the price, what the heck and they are better than my more costly, lighter and petulant other set. Sound is very good.***About 2 weeks ago one of the ear pads came off and I contacted the vendor and sent a picture...Yesterday the replacement pair arrived.  This vendor ROCKS! Stands behind his business.."		
5	:	"Best sounding headphones I've owned since early 80's. Sound has great balance across the low-high/bass-treble range. Comfortable. Instantly connect. Great range. Long, long battery life. It does take awhile to ""loosen up"" the fit, but that's to be expected - you don't want to start with loose headphones. haven't used them to receive a call and maybe never will. Disappointment?  Can't wear these when mowing yard, they're just not able to win the battle with mower noise and they do make you feel a little too warm. (However, I did test the sound while mowing when it was over 90 degrees so that might not be fair.)"		
5	:	"Update after a week:Very great  customer service. I received a new headset sent by the seller.As I said in my previous updated comment, the headphone I got first was getting better and now it is working fine.  I think one of the reasons it didn't work well at the beginning was because the headphone had not powered on since it got manufactured.  The new headphone doe't have the problem .I am really greatful.UPDATE:After using it for 2 days, it is getting better. And getting less cut out and buzzes. I may update if anything wrong happens again. I hope al the problem  I experienced on the first day is just something that happens in its new use.......................original comment:at first, after seeing all these comments, I thought this is going to be a really good headset AND I was really excited.  I don't have any requirements on size or anything else for headphones if it can deliver the sound without any problem.I am not sure if this is the defect only on the one I bought or on all Mpow H1 headsets, BUT there is a huge problem on the sound.I just received my headset 2 hours ago, and pairing, design everything is Great. BUT after I tried to play a song, I found that there is kind of muddy noisy sound along with the music. Moreover, they do not have a consistent sound. The music keeps having a crinkle sound or the song will outright cut out for a split second. At first, I thought it is the problem on my phone so I tried on other devices, yet nothing changed. I even tried with the movies, Yet the sound keeps cutting out."		
2	:	The headphones seemed great when I first ordered them. I'm glad I bought the extended warranty though. About 5 months after the purchase one side of the headphones broke. The plastic piece above where the ear phone connects to the band part just snapped. They were well taken care of and not mistreated at all. Going through the warranty process was a pain! It took over a month to get my refund. I will not be ordering this brand or from this company again.		
5	:	"These headphones are incredibly comfortable!  Every bit is designed to be soft and flexible.  They are so light to wear that my head never gets tired with them on - a huge improvement over the mostly plastic headphones I owned previously.  I mostly use them to listen to audiobooks while doing chores around the house and the sound quality is good (I'm not an audiophile so not super picky about that).  The range is good and I can walk anywhere in my 1500 sq ft apartment without losing the connection (this leads to me misplacing my phone at times!).  Audio quality is great for phone calls and everyone I've spoken with seems to hear me very well.  I typically only charge the headphones once or twice a week and I use them for 2+ hours a day minimum with no issues.The only downside is that occasionally on long phone calls it'll drop the connection between my phone and headphones for a few seconds before reconnecting, but it is only a minor inconvenience.  I'll also mention that these are not low latency headphones - my attempt to use them to watch tv wirelessly with my amazon firestick did not work (there was a very noticeable lag between the video and audio)."		
5	:	"i got a big head, its hard to find headphones that deliver quality AND comfort, with the plus of being very affordable compared to other wireless options.  These are the bees knees.  the wire-type adjustment is on the outside of the headband, so no more getting your hair pinched or pulled.Only note, my girlfriend said they were almost a little too comfy, and didnt fit as snuggly on her much smaller head.  They stay on just fine on my head, and so comfy you can forget youre wearing them.  sound quality is tops, though i have not tested the microphone."		
5	:	"I use these at work to listen to music or watch videos.  They seem to be constructed of high quality materials.  I like the way the ear pieces attached to the headband - very sturdy.  The battery lasts forever.  I can see the battery level on my phone and it stayed on 100% for a long time, so long that I thought it wasn't functioning, until it dropped today to 90%.  The sound quality, in my opinion, is very good.  Probably not up to Bose or Sony, but we are talking 1/10 of the price.  I wished they made a noise cancelling version for when I fly."		
5	:	"Kid comes home with the 2nd set of headphones from school that he has chewed through the cord. Knowing this isn???t safe, realized I needed to purchase a Bluetooth headset. Contact school IT person and I???m told students can use such for ???regular??? work and tests, but per state requirements he have to use a corded set for standardized testing.Since these headphones have both (wireless with option to use included cord) they suit both needs.Kid likes them so much he???s asked for another pair to have at home. Bought them in September of 2017 and they???re still working nicely."		
2	:	"Not very loud. Uncomfortable for long periods. Battery seems good and the construction quality is nice.UPDATE: While the company that sold these had offered to improve my experience, I remain underwhelmed with the Mpow headphones. The company sent me another pair of headphones that are more expensive with a higher rating to make up for the experience. I tried the H7 headphones and while they are more comfortable than the H1's, the sound quality remains the same. The quality of the build is good and they look nice but that is not the only reason one purchases wireless overear headphones. Great customer service."		
5	:	"I  just finished  using these  while doing the lawn and finally getting around to do a well deserved review after using for over 3 months.  What an awesome product.  Ok Im not an audiophile but I can't imagine the clarity and depth  of  the sound from these babies could be much better  than the Sonos  Bose or others  that cost hundreds  more.  They compare wonderfully with my old venerable, highly rated Koss Portapros.  Even a bit less bassy sound.  They are light and comfortable though perhaps a tad loose on the head at the tightest adjustment .  Pairing  was easy and Battery life has been great.  Range extends a bit  beyond 30 feet"		
5	:	"As an eyeglass wearer, I've used multiple brands and styles of headphones over the years. I have never been able to find something that I could wear for hours on end without issue. The ear cups were usually too then or too soft and they ended up pushing the back of my ear into the frame of my glasses. After a short time, this would start to get rather painful and I had to resort to earbuds or just turn the speakers on.When my Mpow H1's arrived, I was impressed with the aesthetics of them and the packaging immediately. Once I put them on, I knew I had found ""the one"". The pads on the ear cups are thick enough that they're completely suspended away from my ears. There are no pressure points whatsoever and I've been able to wear them all day without any pain at all.On top of all of the comfort bonuses, the bluetooth is fantastic. This is my first wireless headphone and I honestly can't understand why I didn't switch over sooner. Having no cords to worry about getting tangled in my chair or rip the headphones, along with my glasses, off of my head is Heaven sent. The range is excellent as well. I've been able to keep listening to my music or movie while using the restroom across and down the hall.The battery life seems to be great, so far. After initially charging them when first setting them up, I've only had to charge them once every 4 or 5 days. I have nothing but great things to say about these cans."		
5	:	"Perfect! I haven't tried the microphone; I saw other reviewers complained about it. As a headphone, it's fantastic. Besides great sound and easy connectability via Bluetooth or cable, the BATTERY LASTS HOURS! Which is perfect for long days at work and commutes.My one complaint: it takes over your head. Not easy to wear glasses (which I do anyway, by adjusting the band a bit) or iron my hair while wearing it. However, that's only related to this product in general. This specific company? Totally recommend"		
5	:	I was not expecting much. I have tried around 10 Bluetooth headphone in the past month from low end to Bose QC35 which costs 10 times of this one. I landed on this headphone because of the comfort. I have relatively big head and massive ears. This headphone is the only one that does not hurt my ears and my head top. The sound quality is not comparable to Bose but for me comfirt is the most important factor. After that I consider sound quality etc.		
5	:	"I have purchased a lot of cans (headphones) over the past 30 years, some of them in the $200+ range. And these already are one of my favourite sets.All things considered, I don't see how one could get much better of a listening experience spending this much or even 2 or 3 times as much. For the purpose of casual listening, I find them fantastic. I particularly like that using them in wired mode they sounds just as good and powerful as they do in bluetooth mode...I didn't expect to get this much bass and as much of an open soundstage in wired mode as these provide. Many bluetooth speakers and headphones need power to perform at their best, but these cans give me no discernible difference, whether powered or wired. I love that.The build-quality and look&feel of the all-black model I purchased also struck me as very classy. They don't look like a gamer headset (like some headphones at this price level do) but much more like a professional set of cans that I'd have no issue leaving on an expensive mixing console. Whether they provide flat enough of a frequency response to lend themselves to mixing/mastering I cannot yet say, but I doubt that anyone doing serious audio engineering work wouldn't go with a set of industry-standard cans for that purpose, like some AKGs oder Sennheisers...in that arena it's more about ""catering to and hearing what most other people will hear"" than ""making it sound sweet for myself""...these sound very sweet with ample of bass and a full sound-stage.Excellent headphones for the money, even if I had spent 3 times this much."		
5	:	"I normally wouldn't have written a review so quickly after purchasing an audio device, but I was impressed when MPOW replied first thing in the morning after I requested a .pdf of the instructions overnight since those in the box were printed incorrectly and iThe information about the dual purpose controls was omitted,  That was nice.  I really haven't challenged these phones yet since I've only been using them for streaming TV, but they seem to have pretty good sound.  They are really comfortable and well balanced on my head which is what I was looking for when I bought them.  My last pair were heavy and always felt like they might slip off."		
5	:	"Item was received within the expected time frame. Item was packages very well. I experienced no problems getting the Bluetooth to connect. I love the fact that I can walk around in my house and I've not had any problems with the sound getting distorted. That's even going thru a wall and a bathroom door! This item does not have complete noise elimination but does cut it out to my liking. You can still hear your house phone if it was to ring, could still hear if someone was to say your name to get your attention, can still hear if your dogs are barking to alert you. That being said, so that is if you're not blasting your eardrums with whatever you may be listening to!! Lol!!  The quality of the sound is perfect to me. Others may like a deeper thumping bass, that which you would expect with R & B. In my opinion it is very well equalized and clear. I love also being able to watch movies and videos on my tablet, my laptop and my cell. Would differently recommend this product!!!"		
2	:	"These were my favorite headphones for about a month, and then they got a short in one of the wires and don't work at all.  I used them almost every day, they were so comfortable, the sound was great, and that I could go from my device without having any cut out was shockingly pretty far compared to any other bluetooth headset I've used.  Unfortunately now they're just earmuffs....So I ordered the new style that doesn't have any exposed cables and hopefully they perform as well."		
5	:	"I'm no audiophile, so these really do the trick for me. Honestly, I had a much more expensive pair of Bose that I lost, and I really can't tell the difference in the audio quality. These even feel a bit nicer and are more comfortable for me.For the price, I think these fit the bill nicely."		
3	:	Adjusting rating to 3 stars as the company responded almost immediately and sent me a replacement pair of headsets w/o me even asking when I'd posted that I'd had problems with the Ear muff fell off after first plane trip with these and extremely hard to get back on.I'd give these a 4 or 5 star IF I don't encounter same issue with the replacement headset after some usage .. it doesn't seem like they've changed the design at all so time will tell if these last longer and I just got a defective pair the first time .. or if its a design flaw with how they secure the ear muff		
5	:	"I really don't think you can beat these headphones, and certainly not for the price. I'm not an audiophile, I just love to listen to music. I could care less that there's a mic involved so I won't touch on that.The sound is fantastic, I have a pair of beats and a pair of bose (wired) and these easily beat the beats and are right on par with the bose. Not too much base but nice rich sound. They pair easily, the battery lasts a few days and I use these about 6 hours a day and they're on for 9.Overall, I highly recommend them."		
4	:	"These are a bit bigger than I expected, but not bad, and they do go over the ear well. They are pretty comfortable and seem to be well made. The sound quality is very good. I like them for both my work and home office. I also like the fact they can be connected directly with a 3.5 mm audio jack if you don't have a bluetooth connection. Holds a charge well. Overall, a nice item."		
4	:	"Pretty damn good headphones.  Not too heavy on the bass, but it's there.  I approve.  Though the way to adjust the volume is pretty irritating; you have to hold it down but there is no indication on the change.  Most the time it either moves on to the next/previous song.  I guess I still gotta get used to it.  Still though for the price it really bumps.  I like it."		
4	:	"I use these in the gym, for a Peleton bicycle, but I wasn't able to keep the headphones paired to two devices (my phone and the bicycle) at once, so that I could chose one, then switch to the other.  I had to pair, un-pair, pair again.  I don't know if it's (me) user error or a limitation of the device."		
5	:	"I bought these for my mother who lives in an assisted care facility. I was worried that she might not be able to use the Bluetooth feature, but was relieved that this set pairs easily and functions perfectly. The sound is very good. At 90, my mother is able to step into the convenience of wireless listening.I liked these so well, I bought a second set for myself. Thank you!"		
5	:	"Need headphones for use with your iphone? These work great. Need it to work with a Sony PS4? ... Use a Avantree USB Bluetooth adapter and it will! I searched and searched and searched for something to avoid buying the SONY gold earphones which are uncomfortable and over priced. These headphones fit the bill and with the bluetooth adaptor work flawlessly with my PS4. Tested them with my iPhone 7 and the range is easily 30-40 feet. Even seems to work through a wall or two. The build quality on these is exceptional given the sub $50 cost. Battery life is ridiculously long and I rarely have to charge these even after a week of off and on use. Took a gamble on the ""cheap"" route for bluetooth headphones and I'm not disappointed at all."		
5	:	"Extremely comfortable. Very pleased. Only thing I don't like about this product, turning the unit off, always states pairing. You have to remember to hold longer then 4 seconds to turn unit off. Other than that, these are by far, the most comfortable headset I have yet to purchase. I use with the Mpow TV Bluetooth transmitter and Wife is very pleased with the performance of this product.  I selected this product by looking only at ""Amazon Choice"" line-up and am I glad I did, you can't go wrong with this purchase."		
3	:	"I love the fit and ease of these headphones.  The ones that go inside the ear would irritate my ear canal after a while.This is an update, it seemed that just a few days after writing the first review I started hearing disconnect, connect so the headphones were going in and out of connection.  Also using the microphone people on the other end were having trouble hearing me.  I???m a little bummed.  So I have to change my original rating????"		
5	:	"The first order I had, they had a smell to them.  I received a replacement and the replacement are great.The sound quality surpassed my expectations for the price of these headphones.  They are comfortable for me, but I wish they would adjust larger to fit my big head.Overall I am pleased with them.  The seller did a great job at resolving the issue I had with great customer service."		
5	:	"I own 3 sets of these headphones and have no complaints.  I have a rather small head and they fit perfectly and do not wobble around of slip like others.  In addition, the noise canceling is excellent.  If my husband wants to get my attention while wearing these, he has to tap me on the arm first.  I also own a very expensive set of Sony noise-canceling headphones.  These have better sound, better noise canceling and a better fit.  Recommended!"		
5	:	I had recently purchased an expensive pair of Bose headphones and while the sound quality was fine through a wired connection the Bluetooth left much to be desired. The sound would fade and/or become static after moving only 5' from the source. The Mpow Bluetooth Headphones are without complaint! Sound is crisp and clear even in another room with the door closed. The headphones are comfortable to wear over long periods of time and the price cannot be beaten. I would HIGHLY suggest these headphones for those who need wireless headphones. One of the best purchases I've made through Amazon. You won't be disappointed !		
5	:	"The bluetooth headphones works easily. The sound quality is decent. Worth the price. The ear pieces covers my ears without discomfort.My only issues is connecting the headphones instead of bluetooth. The wire or the headphone has a short in it so i can only hear sound out of the right portion. This gets annoying so I try my best not to use the cord for this reason. If they had worked fine, this would've been a 5 star review.8/30/18 update.The problem has been resolved since my last review. As promised. This headphone deserved 5 stars for a budget friendly device that sounds good and comfortable when in use.  I also have to give a 5 star rating to the seller for going above what I even expected. Happy customer."		
5	:	"The feature I liked best was the cushions around the speakers & the audio. I also like how it will work as BT device or audio cable.  I do wish the manual could have been easier to read.  The print is so small.  But if you have a scanner available, you can increase the size of the print.  I never thought about seeking out instructions from their website.If they are available there, you could probably download them, too. But once you use the device a few times, the MpowH1 works great.  I guess the thing I like least bright Bluetooth indicator light. It really disturbs my wife.  But the flat surface of the control panel allowed me to put a small piece of electricians' tape over it to virtually eliminate the problem."		
2	:	"I selected these headphones because their earcups inner diameter is advertised as 1.6-3.5 inches (shown in the second product image), and I was looking for headphones with large earcups. In reality the earcups inner diameter is 1.5-2.2 inches. As for sound quality, I tested these headphones with several concertos and symphonies, and  found the music sounded flat/thin in all cases. There was no depth/richness in the music."		
5	:	Im adding to my previous review. Item is good and bluetooth works well. However the earphone covers come of very easily. They dont go back on sadly.So the company found my review and took their time to email me a kind letter stating they would be mailing me a replacement set at no cost to myself.They did just that and followed up to make certain I was satisfied. I cannot say enough good things about this company.Product- the latest one works as the previous one (perfectly) i use it all the time with my smart tv so others in my house are not disturbed late at night while I watch tv.Customer service 12/10. Unbelievable! Talk about dotting the eyes and crossing the T ???s!I cannot say thank you enough!My advice- at this price its a steal! Buy it! You will not be let down! If something goes wrong this company will sort it out for you.I was out of the return timeframe and they got in touch on their own steam without me getting in touch with them.I really wish all companies took customer satisfaction as seriously as your company does!Thank You!To my tv I return!		
5	:	"As an iPhone 7 Plus owner, you get used to not using headphones, but sometimes you just want them. These fit the bill. I???ve never had a $35 set of headphones that sound as great as these do. I listened to some different genres and didn???t find anything these couldn???t handle. I watched a few YouTube videos, one of which was a Jay Leno???s Garage episode featuring The Ring Brothers. Anyone who recognizes The Ring Brothers knows they build some amazing cars that have truly great sounding exhaust notes. The supercharged LS3 in the 69 Camaro in the video sounded amazing through these. Looking forward to using these for years to come."		
5	:	"As someone who uses headphones on a regular basis on my commute and at work to concentrate, these are brilliant. Very comfortable over the ear design and great noise cancelation. I do have small ears so they fit perfectly over my ears, I cannot speak for larger ear comfort. You can adjust them to fit your head to your comfort really easily, at the smallest adjustment, they're perfect for a small head. The cord does not come with a microphone on it but the built in microphone for Bluetooth has very clear sound quality. You cannot listen via Bluetooth and have the cord plugged in at the same time. The battery lasts for about 2 weeks with about 4 hours of use a day.They are a bit sensitive as my cat knocked my pair off the table and now only 1 side will work at a time.Overall these are completely worth buying and buying again!"		
5	:	"Update: MPow sent me a new set stating that their product has an18 month warranty. Now I am very satisfied with their customer service. Hoping they hold up well.Original review:  Great sound, great fit for me, 7 year old and 9 year old.  Blue tooth pairing is easy, charge lasts days/weeks. But at 3 months of use, one of the foam cushion ear pads has fallen off, which makes them unusable."		
3	:	"The craftsmanship is good, ease of use and sound quality is great.  The only complaint/concern I have is that originally I was going to get a different Mpow model that was just a little cheaper but I read a review about how the reviewer's coworkers could their music while at work.  The reviewer commented on how Mpow sent her this model and the problem was solved. So I ordered this higher model but the same issue is there and my colleagues at work can still hear my music. They have even asked me to turn it down. I may just give this set to one of our kids and search for a different brand/model."		
3	:	"Awesome headphones for the price.Feel like an expensive pair, sound like an expensive pair, and look like an expensive pair.Cannot comment on the battery life but its at least 10 hours.Sound is clear, and they are very loud.  Normally I play movies at 30-35 but with these its only 22-27.Cannot fault them, would def buy again.Update:  died after 3-4 months use.  Dont seem to be charging so I think its the battery."		
5	:	"The good reviews are for a reason. Things works great for the money. I was in bands, recorded in studios, loved music from a young age, had a brother who was an audiofile so I have some minor experience in audio. These sound great in my opinion and can't beat it when you compare cost to so many higher priced headphones. I guarantee these sound just as good as some of these other off brands that charge more."		
5	:	"Seriously, I tend to wear headphones to be able to concentrate while working and will wear them for HOURS at a time. These are by far the most comfortable of any I've ever owned, corded or cordless. Plus they're reasonably priced, the range on the bluetooth surprises me sometimes, and they've got a decent audio profile. I'd prefer a touch more bass, but they're still really good as is. I rarely use them this way, but taking calls with them seems to work well too. Great construction/durability as well, though the only feature that I'm left wanting is an integrated volume control. Near perfect except for that! Though without that, the existing controls are easy to find and use by feel.I liked them so much, I bought a second pair so I could keep one pair at home and take the second to work!"		
1	:	"UPDATE: After 6 months the left speaker went out. I always took care of them and even stored them in a case. Always kept volume @ 70. What gives? Changing 5 stars to 1.These are great. They're comfortable, they store well, and the audio is good.For the price, you can't beat'em. Make sure to pair these with an equalizer software, it'll make them truly stand out in their balanced high, mids, and lows. Good bass."		
4	:	"Definitely love these headphones! They???re excellent quality, and after the first charge, I didnt charge it until a week or two later. It has excellent battery life so far, I???ve only charged it twice within the month. The audio quality is on par with other noise cancelling headphones. Listening to music on these headphones made me notice new parts of my favorite songs.The only reason I rate it 4 stars is that the smallest adjustment doesn???t fit my head perfectly, nor is there a way to fix that. It???s a very slight annoyance that???s a bit frustrating since it???s ALMOST there. I can wear a beanie and it fits. I am a small girl, only 5???0???, so that could be the issue."		
5	:	"They are great , I had an issue with the first pair I ordered but they sent new ones immediately and they are perfect ????????. Excellent customer service"		
5	:	"Very comfortable. Extremely loud. Great sound. Only a few minor complaints and personal preferences that I have with them. One is that the sound leaks out pretty bad but I didn't buy them to not annoy my neighbor in a close quarter, I bought them for loud stereo sound, it just would have put these over the top and made me comfortable blasting my music that others might look down on me for listening to. Next thing is I've had multiple Bluetooth devices (a couple from mpow) that were for one ear where volume up/down buttons were long pressed to track up/down. It's reversed on this headset. Long press increases and decreases volume while the first press of the positive/negative buttons changes the track. Personal preference of mine i know but I understand these are designed to be used for listening to music and secondarily used for calls unlike the other ones I've had. Lastly the pair mode is a 4 sec long hold of the phone button but so is power off. So every time I want to power down I hold it until it says ""disconnected"", ""pairing"", and after another two or three seconds ""power off"". I really think pair mode should be long press + and - together for 4 seconds. It would eliminate that annoyance entirely and take some commands off of the phone key. Those minor complaints are more to improve future models if the company reads these. Would absolutely purchase again."		
3	:	"Overall I really liked these headphones. I had them for a few months but didn???t really start to use it until recently. I use it for music and movies mostly. However, while sitting watching a movie, thekide that keeps the headphones adjusted in size loosened. Doing this it slid off the back of my head and around my kneck. For some reason, this slight movement caused the ear cushion to come off. It is virtually impossible to put back on. Because of this I don???t think I can use it any more. I believe I purchased an electronic warranty Amazon offers. I???m going to try to repair it.If you???re looking for a comfortable Bluetooth headset that???s not expensive, it???s a good option. But know it???s cheap for a reason. Don???t expect it to last a long time. I???d probably try to save up for a nicer pair next time."		
4	:	"These headphones are pretty good for the price.  I use them several times a week while commuting by train.  The battery life is great and the sound is decent. On startup these headphones connect to my phone very quickly and easily and disconnect on shutdown quickly and easily as well. Comfortable to wear for about for 30-45 minutes. Works fine for telephone calls (I tested this feature at the office; I don't talk on the phone while commuting on the train). Sure, the Bose QuiteComfort 35, which my g.f. owns, is better in every way but, for $315 less, these headphones work just fine and I won't get distraught if they ever get lost, stolen, or broken."		
4	:	"Pros: Comfortable. Good sound quality, not exquisite but good nonetheless. Bluetooth paring was easy. Good build quality. Fashionable.Cons: Volume controls are annoying. You have to hold the button to change it whilst simply clicking the button skips. They also leak sound quite a bit, even at low volumes.Summary: Good headphones for the price, but volume controls could have been an easy fix by switching the functions with the skip."		
5	:	"Although the headphone is pretty good for the price, it did not last. After a month of use, the left ear stops working. Seems like this happens a lot to other one star reviews here, even though the thing feels pretty well built. Would've loved to keep using it if this doesn't happen. Got my refund though, thanks Amazon.[UPDATE]The replacement unit has been working fine. So far so good."		
4	:	"OK, so the bottom line is you get what you pay for. Do they sound AMAZING? No. Not at all. Do they sound GOOD? Yes, they do. The battery life is also quite impressive. I've put about 12 hours on them and I haven't come off 100%. Overall, for the price, they are quite good. They are not true ""noise canceling"" headphones, but I've used them on several flights and it eliminates 90% of the background noise, and you can hear your audio quite well. I recommend them."		
5	:	"I love these headphones but the instructions were not correct. I was going to return them because they didn???t work, but my teenager showed me how to do everything because his headphones are similar, and had good instructions. In case anyone else has trouble - To turn them off, you don???t hold for the few seconds the instructions say- you hold it until you hear it say all three: disconnecting, pairing, power off. (I had kept stopping when I heard ???pairing.???)"		
4	:	"Nice product, very basic and easy to use. Very light weight and comfortable. The ear cover is oval in shape, which works much better for me than others that have been round."		
5	:	A nice improvement over the previous model.  The ear cuffs are larger and more comfortable.  They also feel lighter and easier to wear for longer periods.  The controls are better and the plastic has been replaced with a velvety rubber.  The sonic quality is outstanding--better than headphones costing 3x as much.  My only disappointment is that they seem to be designed for a larger head than mine.  But they are adjustable and comfortable.		
5	:	"Love everything about these headphones. Good quality, look nice, easy to use and sync, and the signal holds up even if you stray a ways a way from the signal source. I routinely walk away from my desk with these on and leave my cell phone and I never lose signal or sound quality. The battery life is incredible too. I use them 10 hours a day and I've never run out of juice. Charge them for about 20 minutes and they're gtg. I highly recommend this product. Everyone comments on how sharp they look, too."		
5	:	"I wasn't expecting a lot for $35, so I was pleasantly surprised by these phones. They are very light and comfortable. The sound is clear and crisp with a reasonable amount of bass, and the over-the-ear design is good at reducing ambient noise. I hear a few pops when they are connected to my iPhone via bluetooth, but I have similar problems with other devices, so I can't fault this product. All in all, a very satisfactory purchase."		
5	:	"These things are awesome, up in running in 2 minutes after of course fully charging.  I merely turned them on and went to my iPhone 6s Plus and it found it and told me it found it.  testing it with real music, jamming to AC/DC, Beatie Boys, Crue, Judas Preist.  Ill test phone function later and let you know.  Bought these for the airplane and vacation to drown out the engine noise and any babies, adult and infant type."		
5	:	"Fantastic. Excellent sound rage with deep lows when appropriate and crisp highs. I???m picky with audio, but impressed with these. Bluetooth is simple and perfectly clear. Comfortable and soft. Good battery life and sensible price point.I tested the mic - I used it to call my wife and she said it was clear. I noticed some complaints on Amazon about the mic but it seems ok to me."		
4	:	Not noise canceling at all. Just your standard BT headset.  What you see is what you get.  The charging cables are the standard size.  You can easily feel the volume up and down and the power button.  A nice tight unit.  I returned mine because I paid 35$ for it and then the price dropped to 30 and they didn't offer me 5$ so I decided not to do business with Mpow and returned the headset.		
5	:	"I really liked my Mpow 059. It is light and comfortable.  But the battery stopped working after less than a year.  Battery problems sometimes happen, but rarely. I was delighted when I received a replacement without me asking. So now I am pleased both with the Mpow 059  itself, but also with the the service."		
4	:	"Very comfortable headphones for all-day wear. The sound quality is good, but there is not much bass. A single charge on the battery is still going although we don't use the headphones all day, every day.  The range is also good. It took some time to get used to the on/disconnect/off settings, but overall it is a good value. The carrying bag is also a plus!"		
4	:	"I can comfortably wear these headphones for hours at a time , and can go about a week without needing to charge them.Good dynamic range, solid bass, great volume, and most importantly easy to connect to sources.Add to that the nice auxilary cable these come , allowing them to work as wired headphones, and there's no reason not to buy these."		
1	:	Found these to be very disappointing and not well made. The padded ear cushion fell off within minutes of use.  I ended up gluing it back in place. I would not recommend.		
5	:	I doubt there is a better wireless Bluetooth set of headphones on the market at anywhere near the price !  I bought them for listening to audiobooks but they sound spectacular listening to music. Very comfortable to wear as well. Paired easily and controls are easily accessible and work as designed. I seriously recommend these. Best 30 bucks ever spent on headphones !		
3	:	"My teen son used these everyday. In three months they stopped working. He loved them when they worked. But I am not impressed. These are not cheapie headphones.Update: the company sent us a brand new, identical pair to replace the ones not working. What a nice surprise! My son was excited because he finds the earpieces to be mire comfortable and louder than others he used."		
4	:	"These are an excellent value and work really well with my iPhone, iPad, as well as my AppleTV. My only issue is that they tend to start to become uncomfortable after several hours. I have large ears so that certainly adds to the comfort issue. Don't get me wrong, I would totally buy these again. The battery life is great as well."		
1	:	"Though the sound quality was great for such a cheap price, even as the lowest volume my phone could go to, the music could be heard by anyone around me. Playing it at a comfortable volume meant everyone in the room coulf plainly hear the words of the song. I might as well have strapped a speaker to my head, I can???t wear them in public or even around other people. It???s very disappointing, I???m set to return the item tomorrow."		
5	:	"I???ve had the 059s for about a year. Typically use them around the house and mowing the lawn. Amazing for the price. So I decided to get a pair for work. I decided to try these since it came from the same brand and seemed to be a newer model. I???d say they???re softer, more comfortable better sound quality, but don???t block as much external noise as the others. I think that???s part of the trade off with the comfort though."		
5	:	"One of the ear pads came off after 30 days.  Could not return it or repair it.  Piece of Crap.  Surprised Amazon sells this junk. HOWEVER, after reading the preceding sentence, the Mpow people responded with a replacement.  It works great, sound is perfect as is the comfort.As long as the pads stay together, I am extremely impressed with the product."		
5	:	"I can't say enough about how happy I am with this purchase. They are extremely comfortable (can't emphasis this enough), great battery life, and allow fairly long distance from the source for a bluetooth device. I am going to buy a second pair because my wife, kids and I generally all want to use this pair over other alternatives we have.I am sitting here trying to come up with a negative and I suppose it would be sound quality - but that's not really fair to the product given its $35 price tag. By no means am I saying they sound like crap just don't expect sound like higher end $150+ dollar wired headphones. I must also admit, I have not used these for phones calls so I can't really speak to the built in mic.I would (and have) recommended these to anyone looking for bluetooth headphones and a great price."		
4	:	"These were bought for late night tv watching when everyone else is asleep.  Before I turned on closed caption, but this is much better.  They sound fine for the shows.  I haven't used them for music.  The only negative is that they are not very comfortable.  After an hour show I have a headache from the fit.But they are a very good value for the price.  They do exactly what I needed!"		
5	:	"Very pleased with the headphones.  They are soft, feel like quality, I can wear them for hours at a time without being bothered or feel any soreness like I've had with other headphones.  I have lots of headphones from studio reference headphones to bluetooth ear buds.  These have above average sound quality with a good bass response.  The are exactly what I wanted!"		
5	:	"I was initially drawn to this product since I was looking for a low price option for Bluetooth over the ear headphones. Although not familiar with the company Mpow, I figured that I would take a chance based on the large number of high ratings for this product. Initially I was pleased by the comfort and sound of these headphones, especially for the price. Unfortunately the left side stopped working after about 6 months. But when I contacted Mpow they quickly responded with some suggestions on resetting the product. And when that didn't work they were also quick to send a replacement pair, which arrived in perfect working order. This to me is a fine example of how a company should respond to an issue with their product, so I just wanted to give them some props from a satisfied customer!"		
4	:	"So far, So good!A very reasonably priced wireless option.  These are replacing my purple Bose to provide more ear coverage.These have good quality sound. Easy to connect. Good wireless time. A bit heavier than I???d like and they are a bit big for my little head and ears."		
5	:	"If you want a comfortable set of over-the-ear BT headphones, this is an excellent choice. The over-the-ear fit does a good job of reducing outside noise; the phones are relatively light; the sound quality is very good (though I'm not an ""audiophile"", so...); pairs easily and reliably with my phone and my MacBook.An excellent value, in my opinion."		
2	:	"Beware - you're taking a gamble with these - when they work they're great for the price.  But if they break, you will not be able to get the manufacturer to honor their warranty.I used these everyday for 3 months and they were awesome.  Then I stopped getting sound out of one ear in wireless mode, and no sound out of the other in wired mode.I contacted customer support through their online ticketing system about 2 weeks ago. Radio silence.So just know, if you buy these you'll probably be fine, but if they break past the window you can return to the seller you are out of luck."		
2	:	"I bought these headphones in June, for my son. He likes to play games on the computer a lot. The quality of the headphones was so good that when you just put them over your ears it eliminates outside noise and sound . He was so happy until in July one side of the headphones stopped working. Here we are in August and they will no longer charge.  Too bad they worked so well in the beginning."		
5	:	"Headset was defective after 4 months, promptly was sent a new pair! Very happy with my purchase! Never thought that bluetooth headphones would sound this good.I should also mention the battery life, as its much better than my wife's headphones (hers are admittedly cheaper.) I can go days leaving them on without charging! Lifetime is extended even more if you actually turn them off once in a while."		
5	:	"For the price these have really impressed me. I only use them for music at a desk and never tried the hands free stuff. Battery lasts long and are very comfortable. The range is shockingly good to someone who is a nerd for radio waves.I guess my only gripe could be that when I crank up my jams in a quiet office, others can hear far more than if I used ear buds."		
5	:	I absolutely love these. They are my first bluetooth wireless headphones and I couldn't be more pleased. I have a large head and they fit extremely comfortably. The sound is great and instructions for set up are clear. No need to hesitate.		
5	:	Great sound quality and great fit of the earpieces over my ears.  Having a large opening for the ear is key for long usage of headphones because otherwise the earpieces compress the ear and make it uncomfortable.  The opening for the ear is large in these headphones so the ear isn't compressed by them and you can wear them for a long time without any discomfort.  Great for long flights.		
3	:	"Great sound! I listen to music about 2 hours a day, usually for exercise. I used to have Bose and Marley head phones, and I would say the sound is comparable to those headphones. I maybe have to charge it once every week to 2 weeks. (depends on how much I use them).This is probably user error, but one thing I don't like is I can't control the volume on the headphones. I have an Iphone 6s, and the headphones will skip to the next song, instead of turn up or turn down the volume.The phone feature is pretty nice, except the recipient of my phone calls can here a low buzzing sound, and it goes away when I turn off the headphones.Not sure if these are the best with Iphones, but overall would recommend the product."		
1	:	"This will not pair with my android BLU Vivo nor BlLu Life one. X  I get message. "" Pairing rejected.  This is  mpow H 1.  My mpow H7. Paired fine  however after 3 months the  earpads broke off on both side and that is why I tried this earpad style.  This will be the first time in 12 years. I am sending something back to Amazon!!!"		
4	:	"So far these are really good when it comes to overall sound.  Also they have become very comfortable to wear for a little bit.  The only real issue is the "" Maximum Volume, Maximum Volume, Maximum Volume""  Yes I know you don't have to tell me three times when I am trying to enjoy a very good song.  I know its maximum volume.. I put it there.  You don't have one for minimum volume or do you and we just don't hear it.. Regardless outside of the MV issue.  these are pretty great for the price range."		
5	:	"Very comfortable, good sound across the spectrum, plays for several hours on a single charge, and NO audio cables needed (though you can use it with an audio cable if you so desire)!  I Love these headphones! Perfect for TV, audio books, YouTube, and music! When you don't want to disturb others, it's hard to imagine a better solution!"		
5	:	"Edit: The customer service is great.  Me looking at my email is not so great.  The company reached out to me multiple times w/o me noticing and when I finally did the assistance that they were willing to provide was great.  The headphones are up and running and the issue hasn't occured again!  These headphones were a steal when I purchased them.  Probably still are!These headphones would probably get 5 stars if it was not for the issue that just arose.  I had the headsets connected via Bluetooth to both my compatible laptop and phone (Galaxy S7) and in the middle of my music playing from my phone.it all of a sudden completely disconnected from both electronics.  I have attempted to repair with each device without any lucky.The headphones themselves work great, the fit is comfortable, and they are very easily portable.  Hopefully there is some type of solution to this issue because they are a great pair of headphones"		
5	:	"I am hearing impaired, and I bought these powered headphones because I wanted to increase the volume of sound coming from my Samsung Galaxy 10.1 Pad. The headphones don't require batteries because they are charged with a USB connector. While I don't recommend them for persons with severe or profound hearing loss, they are great for persons with normal hearing."		
5	:	This is my second encounter with Bluetooth head phones. I got tired of the erratic cable connection to my iPhone as I took my daily hike and decided to try this. Wow! Great sound. Love the over ears coverage. Great bass and really easy to use. I'm wearing them as I write this on my laptop. (They are blue-toothed to my iPhone.) I may not take them off...		
5	:	"Easily the most comfortable headphones I've ever worn. The cushions are made of something like memory foam and don't put much pressure at all on your ears, and the set is lightweight so they don't feel like they're dragging on you. I can wear these for a couple of hours without feeling uncomfortable at all. Sound quality is decent for the price as well - don't expect these to sound like Bose and you'll be happy. Battery life matches up with the advertised numbers and lasts a long time.My only complaint is the low battery warning - it kicks in about 5 minutes before the set shuts off. Yes, you can plug in a cord and keep listening, but that defeats the purpose of having wireless headphones. Not ideal."		
5	:	"I'm obsessed with these headphones! They are so comfortable, I could probably fall asleep with them on and they have such a great, clear sound! They are easy to adjust to the size of your head and it stays put even through working out, running etc. I highly recommend these if you're looking for solid headphones for a reasonable price. I love my MPow headphones so much!!????????"		
4	:	"The audio has a good quality, but the microphone is deplorable and I tried two headsets, once the first one I returned. The sound of the microphone is muffled with a noise with the main audio. I tested with Skype and I recorder I have, both I had the same result. I also compared the audio (mic) with a previous headset I had (Logitech), and the Logitech is perfect, clear and without any noise, despite not been so comfortable as MPOW. Im thinking to return again and try another model, once I use the mic a lot. If you just use the speakers, go ahead and buy it, if you use the mic, don't buy it.UPDATE: after the seller replace the item, the quality is better.  Excellent speakers and ok microphone."		
3	:	"I really liked these headphones when they first arrived. The battery lasted a long time for me and they sounded great. After about 6 weeks of 1 to 2 hour per day use they started disconnecting randomly from my phone. This started out as a rare occurance but has gotten worse and now happens daily. Not impressed.Update-After posting about my experience with these headphones, i was contacted by customer service. They seem eager for me to try another set. They stated they would send me a new set of headphones immediately. I was a bit surprised to be honest. I have not received them yet and will update this again if i do."		
5	:	"Battery life is excellent. I never have troubles with connection when walking away up to 30ft and it always pairs quickly. Sound quality is decent, but I'm not an audiophile, so I wasn't expecting this to compare to Bose. They're not active noise cancelling either, but they are not advertised as such, so no complaints there. I wish they made a black on black colorway. The red is a little too flashy for me."		
5	:	"I did not know how bad my last headphones were until I bought these. They pair very quickly with my iphone or ipad and hold a charge FOREVER. Seriously. I finally charged mine again just because I thought certainly after this much use they must need it, even though the tiny battery icon on the screen indicates they are still fine. These are so nice that my husband bought a second pair for himself for the gym. He also loves his!"		
5	:	Comfortable with great sound! Pairs quickly with the transmitter/receiver that I ordered at the same time. Now I can watch tv after my husband goes to bed & am actually able to hear my movies!!Love these headphones		
5	:	"After owning multiple brands of bluetooth head phones,  Im glad I found these.  They work great, connect quickly.  I normally use them to listen to music while I mow the yard.  Ive been pretty rough on them, yet they still work great.  Most of the cheaper ones seem to fade in and out.  These have worked flawlessly.  Some of the more comfortable headphones Ive had.  I recommend these."		
5	:	"I'd never used Bluetooth cordless headphones before and I'm thrilled that there's no distortion or static when I use them on a treadmill about 20 ft away from the TV (unlike my previous old technology cordless headphones which were often static-y). I'm also tickled that I've been using these for at least an hour a day since I bought them about three months ago and just had to recharge them for the first time today.  They recharge by simply plugging in with a standard ""Android"" type charging cable, the same one I use for my Galaxy phone, Samsung tablet and my Kindle."		
5	:	"These headphones work great & look good!  Mostly they sound good.  They are comfortable to wear, and while not noise cancelling, they do dampen outside sounds.  The power down messages are overkill; a musical cue like on a PC exit would work better.  Battery charge time is still an unknown."		
3	:	"Considering the fact that it's less than $40, I gotta say it's great.I'm satisfied with this overall but there's really annoying thing that bothers me.It's that its sound is basically too loud.If you're gonna use it for your laptop then it wouldn't really matter, but if you're gonna get it for your pad or phone then it might bother you as well.I can't really use this product at night because it's too loud even at the lowest level of sound.Moreover, somehow when it's the lowest level I can't really hear anything, there's no sound.I contacted customer service and they let me know the way how to deal with it, but it didn't really work.TLDR; If you're gonna use it only with your laptop then it's perfect. Otherwise, I'm not sure if it would be perfect."		
5	:	"The battery last all day, but the ear pad matt. is falling apart! It is leaving black pieces of plastic on the ears! UPDATE***** I have changed my rating here because they were nice enough to send me new headphones to fix my problem! These are stand up people and they made IT RIGHT! Thank You!"		
5	:	"Already, the left speaker doesn't work.  I just used this in bed with the bedroom TV.Update: They read my review and they are sending me a new one! Wow!"		
5	:	"I almost spent $350.00 (????) and I  thought these may not be that as as of their price,but they are GREAT got them 3 hrs ago change on pc half hour got it  synchronized with iPhone EASY the on my windows 10 pc EASY feel better then my B$&se (has cord) sound is great looks and feel  Beyond comparable great.The price  unbelievable AM  believer  i???m the roughest critic around I do not porno punches ....."		
1	:	"I initially liked these headphones until THIS happened. I received these on or around August 15, 2018 and today is December 8,2018. I would like to think that these would last longer than 4 months. I don't use them a lot nor do I excercise in them. I use them occasionally to talk on the phone or to watch a movie on my laptop. I am very disappointed."		
3	:	"Good sound quality, comfortable, blocks ambient noise. My only quibble is with the push buttons for changing volume. It's difficult to get the volume just right with those. I prefer the old-fashioned turn knobs. The push buttons look nicer, but the turn knobs work better. Aesthetics over function. But that's true of pretty much all headphones these days, it seems. So that's not a reason not to buy these headphones. But, to me, it is a reason to knock them down a couple stars."		
2	:	"I was a huge Mpow fanboy. I even made other people buy it.  With their prices and sound quality, I believed I had struck gold with them until all three of my products faced a problem. I tried getting in touch with the people and Mpow1. They do not reply until 24 hours after each mail.2. There is no way to contact them directly.3. I have been trying to come to a resolution for more than seven days and nobody at the customer care centre seems to care.4. Overall I would say it's pure luck. If your product works well for a couple of months without any problem good for you but incases anything happens, forget it, they are not going to help you.Overall not a good purchase."		
4	:	"The battery Is pretty good. I used it on and off at work and running for a month, and I did not need to recharge.I have a very small head, so the thing looks wide and huge on me. But it stays even when I run with it.The one thing I dislike about it (and it may not be the headphones fault) is the + and - buttons on the headphones. You would think it is used to adjust for volume. But instead, they act as more of a forward and backward button; I use it to skip a song, for example."		
5	:	"I purchased these December 26th and am writing this as of may 31st. I used the heck out of these things for working out 4+ times a week and got every pennies worth. In all honesty I only remember charging them maybe 4 or 5 times if that. They hold battery power better than any other Bluetooth headset I???ve had. That being said, they are super light weight and durable but today after running these boys into the ground the left ear speaker started cutting out. I???m not mad I???m happy that I got about 200 hours off only a few charges, they do take a couple hours to charge when drained, and that they survived this long as often as I used and abused them. Oh and the quality of sound is great, very clear and boy these bump of full volume."		
5	:	"I wish I could give it six stars. Lightweight, easily adjustable to produce just enough pressure to stay in place, while remaining a very soft feel against the side of the head, with no pressure on the ears. Barely notice that I'm wearing it, except for the great sound. Very balanced with nice bass, sounds very natural.  Both bluetooth and wired modes sound great. And all for $38. Wow!"		
5	:	I have had these for 5 months and there were no too upsetting problems but now the headphones wont turn on unless connected to power which COMPLETELY defeats the purpose of Bluetooth headphones i will change my rating if the headphones are replaced.i enjoyed them so much i would say get them but unfortunately the battery does not work after 5 months of light use.Recently patzone has sent me a new pair my old pair was DEFECTIVE so i completely recommend these to anyone doubting buying these.i would also like to mention the 18 month warranty saved me so THANK YOU SO MUCH BELLA FROM PATOZONE . recommended!!!! I LOVE THESE HEADPHONES THEY ARE COMFORTABLE.		
4	:	I have not used these very much yet but my first impressions are that they have good sound and are quite comfortable.  The bluetooth works well with my phone.  Having a volume control that was easy to control was important to me.  It appears that the volume control does NOT work when you plug these into a device using the cable - it works only when connected via bluetooth.		
5	:	"My son's bluetooth earbuds died, and so I bought these as a replacement. The headphones are lightweight and very comfortable. Sound is pretty good for a bluetooth headset. It's not studio quality - but more than good enough for a teenager to use and fully enjoy."		
4	:	"Good quality headphones.  Very good for the price.  They are the most comfortable headphones I've ever owned.  Unless you have unusually large ears they will fit over your ears.  Like someone else said, I too wear hearing aids and I can wear them and the Mpow H1 headphones don't interfere with them.  That's are real plus because my hearing aids don't just increase the volume, they compensate for the frequencies my ears are weak in.  The reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because they aren't professional quality, but that's not how they are priced.  Like I said, for the price the quality is excellent."		
5	:	"Super quick delivery. Headphones are really nice looking, very comfortable and the sound is just perfect! I was more than impressed with how loud and clear they sound considering the price. I walked all over the house and left my media player in my bedroom with no interruption on the signal at all. This is definitely a great buy!"		
5	:	We bought this a few months ago and they worked as expected.  Then one day the ear pad fell off.  I looked at it and thought there???s probably a clip or maybe glue I can use to fix it.  I couldn???t find anything and didn???t think it was a good idea to glue it back on.  I contacted to company hoping they would give me a good way to fix it or even replace it since it was just a few months.  They replaced it within the week.  Great company.  Good on them.  I like these headphones and this company.		
5	:	Finally I can listen to my audiobook without getting my earbud cords hooked on everything while I'm cleaning.  They were super simple to set up and use and I have no problems hearing people or them hearing me.		
5	:	"*Simple, to-the-point, real-world review. These headphones are comfortable, simple to connect, and the battery charges fairly quickly and seems to last forever.  These have great sound with good highs and enjoyable base. They are great for tuning the world out when working on the computer. There is some sound bleed so if you are playing them very loud in a quiet environment; others may hear some muffled sounds. However, I use these at home for hours when working on my computer and have no issues whatsoever. These headphones provide great value, and I would purchase again. I have had these for six months. Enjoy!"		
4	:	"For the price it's WORTH IT! Sound is good not great but good and solid. They're pretty light weight on your head and the foam keeps your ears at a normal temperature. Most headphones can keep your ears very warm or just hot. These keep your ears at a comfortable temperature. They Charge rather quickly and can last most of the day if not into the next day easily. The only downside is the signal lights.  They can be pretty bright and they flicker depending on if you need a charge, or your Bluetooth signal strength. But other than that I plan to purchase another one. I can be a bit rough on my headphones!"		
1	:	"These headphones paired fine with all the devices I tried them on.  The sound was better than expected and they worked well, UNTIL  Sept  17, 2018 the day after return and support ended closed!  The left speaker quit working.  Disappointed.  These were not heavily used."		
5	:	I bought these bluetooth headphones because my husband enjoys music as he falls asleep and I watch a little tv.  The price was great so I thought I'd give these a try.  They arrived quickly and were easy to pair with my husband's phone.  He loves them!! They are comfortable and he tells me the sound is great.  Very happy with these.		
5	:	"These are pretty good for the price, nice clear sound really good range. My only gripe is that they feel pretty loose, maybe I have a tiny head? I use these in the garage while I do wood working, running my table saw, planer, jointer, drill press and various hand tools with no issue."		
2	:	Light weight and color is great as well as sound quality. Pairing my iPhone is easy. My Dell pc had some difficulty to set up Blue tooth. However my primary reason for purchase was connecting Dell. It took me 2days to figure out. I found sound comes out of monitor HDMI connection but not headphone. All I had to do was on Windows blue tooth setting I remove monitor sound. Monitor display is not affected but sound is on MPOW.This made me very happy. Sadly I shipped it back after 4days on off switch became erratic and middle of  listening connects and disconnectsoften and too annoying. Sound quality was very good and I felt bad. I thought blue tooth was issue and connected wire to Dell PC then sound quality plummeted. It took 2wks before I gave up.		
4	:	I like these headphones a lot. Been using them for 2 months now i use them at least 2 - 3 hours a day have only had to chargeonce a week its hard to believe how long they last on a charge and i do like the sound quality. I do recommend these headphonesfor the casual listener not the hard core audiophile.		
3	:	"Works great and does pretty much what I need it to. I use them everyday for about 10hrs straight, some times without an overnight charge.Damn things just died on me, 6 months of use. Not sure if this is common or not, but I admit to using it more than expected, I'm sure. Also, I plugged them in every night to charge, which may or may not have been a factor to them np longer holding a charge.Sound still comes out if theyre connected to a charger, but dies immediately when disconnected.Really wish they lasted longer..."		
5	:	"Bought these for my husband to use as an OTR truck driver.  He loves them.  The comfort, the quality are both great.  Noise cancelling, wireless and he loves the built in microphone.  He can plug in his mp 3 players or stream music from his phone and answer calls and talk all hands free.  Great product would definitely buy again."		
4	:	Overall not bad. The Bluetooth software doesn't seem to like iOS 11 because the sound adjustment is really funky. Like even on the lowest possible volume setting the headphones are REALLY loud. But using the wired connection is 100% and works beautifully.A good *wired* set.  But an *okay* Bluetooth headset.		
5	:	"I purchased these after my other pair broke. These are great!  They are very comfortable and seem to be very well made. The hinge is partly metal instead of plastic which is what caused my other pair to break. They hold a good charge and do a nice job of noise cancelling while in use. I definitely recommend these, especially for their price."		
4	:	These are great other than the microphone part being basically useless. don't expect to be able to make voice calls with this.		
4	:	"These earphones work well. When I first got them, it hurt to wear them and I was considering returning them. However I decided to break into them and see what happens. Thankfully, they don't hurt anymore and are quite comfortable. I really like that it can be cordless or not. The biggest problem is the volume button. You have to press and hold which can be quite difficult sometimes because you have to wait. I prefer the usual click to increase the volume. The battery lasts for a pretty long time, I only use the battery occasionally and it's been three weeks and I have yet to charge it. Because the headphones are nicely padded and over the ear, it can help to filter some sound out. Overall, these headphones are pretty good."		
4	:	"Wow, that was fast 2 days delivery. The sound is good for the money but don't expect to sound like Bose. The middle sound great and the bass is very clear but not loud enough. Design is great. 10 stars for the design. They look nice and expensive. They look even better than the pictures. It is confusing with the volume control. Short press on volume buttons change for the next track, long press is for volume. So confusing. It should be the opposite. Anyway I recommend these headphones as best budget headphones."		
5	:	"For 35 bucks, these are fantastic!!!! Sound is outstanding, Easy to pair. Work great. Excellent battery life. I've used them with my s8 plus my Samsung gear VR, my PS4, and my Windows 10 PC to play steam games. I may buy another pair as a gift. High end quality at a low end price."		
4	:	It works. I used it once. I like it.I have a hospital stay coming up. I wanted something for a distraction. Wired earbuds get tangled and you have drag the device along.I don't knot the range in the house. I hope to listen to podcasts as I do house work.		
4	:	"These headphones are not the best, but they are good. They are not very loud, not very isolating, and do not have great audio range. The comfort level is decent, but there are some pressure points and not much ability to adjust them. On the upside, there is no interference whining sound when there is no audio playing. The range is good, they have a decent sized battery, and the firmware is good."		
3	:	"lacking fullness, bass, little too bright as if they were ear buds???on/off could be better, To turn off you push same button as to pair so you have to hear,  pairing, disconnecting, powering off every time!!  Dumb engineering...Great customer service though!"		
5	:	"I purchased this to listen to podcasts on my Mac Pro, not music. The following are my comments:1 - Pairing with my Mac Pro Bluetooth was simple and took about 10 seconds.2 - The ear cups are very comfortable.3 - Sound quality for the podcasts I listen to is more than adequate."		
4	:	"Really like the quality of these for the price. Only 2 small-ish reasons I???m giving these a 4/5:- sound is pretty loud outside the headphones - my coworkers can usually hear what I am listening to if they walk by since I like to listen to it on the loudest!- sometimes I have to disconnect and ???forget??? the device on Bluetooth on my phone a few times to get them to connect. However, once connected, great quality connection."		
5	:	"Mpow has really knocked one out of the park , very easy to pair with any tablet, MP3 player i own 4 iPads,2 Samsung Galaxy tablets and 3 Kindle Fire tablets plus 2 iPod Touch???s great product."		
5	:	"Easy to setup and good quality sound. It's annoying that you have to hold the power button for four seconds to turn it on and off. I would have preferred either a dedicated button or a shorter time. That's a minor inconvenience not worth docking a full star for, though."		
3	:	"Have had these for over a year and they???ve been pretty reliable and have overall good sound quality. But yesterday they died, just won???t turn on anymore. So for the price a year of good headphones isn???t bad. Just wish they lasted longer."		
4	:	"This product is ultimately a great product. It has good fit, nice form factor, and the sound is decent. You may have some software problems with lowering the volume to 1 bar on the I-Phone, but a simple reconnect should fix it right up. I definitely recommend getting this product because of how good it is for the price"		
5	:	"Upgrading from the previous generation (Mpow 059), whose headband broke after only a few months.  These headphones are a significant upgrade over the previous ones, improving comfort, look, feel and (tentatively) sound quality.  They are perfect for my everyday needs.  Thanks Mpow!Highly recommended for office/home use.Will try to follow-up with a reliability update at a future date, but it's been impressive thus far.  Interested to see if they can raise the bar even further."		
5	:	"These are amazing. They're very resilient. I take them everywhere. The battery lasts A LONG time and they sound great. For this price you cannot beat it. My only gripe is that when you turn the volume up all the way it says ""MAXIMUM VOLUME"" over whatever is playing."		
4	:	"I only wish the base and treble could be adjusted. But on the whole, these earphones work just as described.  They stay charged for a good, long time.  I am very happy with them."		
5	:	I waited a while to do the review waiting to see if they lasted and they're still functioning perfectly well. They're low cost but high quality		
5	:	"Great product for folding over the ear Bluetooth headphone my 3rd pair and the best.  The other two broke at the folding hinge after about a year.  This folding mechanism much stronger.  Sound is just great with immediate pairing with phone, tablet and computer."		
5	:	"I almost thought i had a problem with these headphones.Then my son helped,and they are perfect.crisp,clear and comfortable to wear.have them hooked to my roku for tv..loud and no one has to say to me turn the tv down..great will recommend my friends def..thankyou"		
5	:	"I am so happy I bought these,  These unbelievably comfortable.  I use these with my keyboard, and I cannot wait to take these on my next airline flight.  There are sets that cost over $100  I wonder would could be worth that much more to listen to your electronics than this set?"		
5	:	"Shipped very fast and it works beautifully, better than expected.  It is very comfortable.  I use it to listen to books from the library while walking or working in my sewing room.  They do not cause any problems with my glasses."		
5	:	"We ordered the headphones for a client who needs to block all outside noise to concentrate and works in a noisy environment. The headphones are great at doing just this, even without playing anything. The quality of the sound is excellent and the headphones are comfortable and do not slip around. I received these a few days ago. I have probably used for about 7-9 hours and am just now recharging (and I made the mistake of leaving them on). I highly recommend this set of headphones. In fact, they sell themselves because my clients best friend just came in to order some also."		
5	:	I got these with a Christmas gift card to Amazon I got. Very easy set up to connect with devices. I have not used the phone call feature yet. The sound is very good too.		
5	:	I really am enjoying these earphones more than I thought. Easy to charge and easier to operate. The sound is comparable with any of the top names in wireless Bluetooth. For the price I'm almost surprised but supper glad I made the purchase.		
5	:	"These headphones are light weight and do not make my head or ears hurt.  They are made of light materials and have open exposed wires that has made me wonder about durability.  The bass isn't terribly deep, but so they work quite well."		
5	:	My son took these from me for several months until the ear piece fell off. Then he gave them back. Really liked them for the few days I got to use them.		
5	:	I went from corded Senhhisers to these and wow! These are so good. I am unable to hear differences between my old codede cans and these! Way to go mpow. I will continue to buy your products!Let me add that I wear mine 8+ hours a day to work.		
5	:	"Great sound and comfortable.  Best bluetooth speakers I've ever owned.  If you want to hear music / phone conversations only with no outside interference, these speakers are for you.They power on quickly and have connected 1st time, every time.  I am a musician who records and listens closely to our songs.  I hear instrumentation that I can hear only with my corded high end headphones.I would highly recommend these headphones, keeping in mind they are for serious listeners who like over the ear phones."		
5	:	"This product is a ridiculous value. A true bargain. Well made. Great sound isolation. Comfortable. Easy set up. Very good, neutral, balanced sound especially for voice. Easily worth double the price. You really can???t go wrong."		
5	:	"These ar amazingly comfortable.  I wear them 8 hrs straight at work and the feel like nothing.  Although they are not active noise blocking, the fit seals so well that they do an excellent job of passive noise blocking.  I wholeheartedly recommend them.  Great product at a great price."		
4	:	"Updated Review: Customer Service read my original review and sent me a new headset.  The new headset worked as expected and sounds good, I am updating my rating to 4 stars for proactive approach and great customer service.Bad quality control. Out of the box the right side did not work.  Repack and returned same day. A waste of time and money.  Buy something else."		
1	:	No noise cancellation at all. Bluetooth ok though. Sound quality sub par.		
5	:	"They're comfortable, easy to pair with transmitter. The sound quality is good enough for serious music listening. The range is at least the 10 metres advertised."		
5	:	"I love these! I was able to pair my iPad, iPhone, and Apple watch easily and whatever item I???m using the headphones play seamlessly and effortlessly! The sound is almost as good as my Bose earphones which I broke recently.."		
4	:	"Love the headphones, I am on conference calls all day long at work. These are amazing and feel great even with glasses on all day. Issue is only a few months after owning them, my MIC does not work and my Left headphone speaker has also stopped working. I tried to contact manufacture but I have yet to hear a response. It should be under warranty per their site.If you are a gamer, they do no pair with PS4."		
4	:	"They were good while they lasted but after just a few months of use they developed a short, and one side does not work.Update: May, 2018The company wanted to make good on my purchase so they sent me a free, new pair, and its working. Thanks!"		
5	:	"Excellent value for the price. Tested them on a round trip flying commercial- very good isolation of external noise, crisp and clear sound, good with high and low notes."		
4	:	"I just got these and they are amazing so far. They look great, are very comfortable and have great clear sound. The physical buttons also have a satisfying click to them. It's bass doesn't pack a punch but it's still satisfying.I've seen where people say that you have to long press the power button twice to turn it off but that isn't entirely true. All you have to do is long press it for about 4 seconds and it will turn off.All in all, it's a solid headphone and I would recommend these."		
5	:	I use this at work to cut down on some of the chatter around me.  Battery life is great and it has good sound.  It???s not noisecancelling but the foam ear pads work well to block out sound.  I???ve got a big head and this set fits with room to spare.		
3	:	"These headphones worked well for about 2 months, I work in construction and it's very loud, I put my earplugs in and turn the volume up as loud as it can go and the sound comes through the majority of the time, they are very comfy, easy to operate and light weight. Now for the negative, I've had these for two months now, and they won't charge any longer, they are very bulky, and stick out a ways from your ears. I'll be returning them soon to get them replaced, all and all its a good product for what you pay for it, but things go wrong in technology, just return and replace."		
5	:	I've been using these for a week now at the gym. I'm very happy with this order! The headphones are light and the Bluetooth connection allows you to jump around without falling off. So far I have not recharged them so the battery life is good for now. Thank you!		
3	:	"I can't figure out how to get it to turn off without going into pairing mode.The volume down button is the same button for ""previous track"" and unless you press them perfectly you get the feature you didn't want.Not bad for $35 but super annoying."		
4	:	"UPDATE: Seller sent out a replacement pair and so far so good! Great and courteous customer service. Makes me want to buy again.7 months in and the charging port broke which means they are useless as bluetooth headphones.Sound quality and battery life was always good, but alas I am on the search for something more reliable."		
4	:	"I was pleasantly surprised with these headphones. I've been using them for about a month now and have been very happy. The battery life is very good. I have them powered on for about 9 hours every day at work, listening for 5-6 hours of that and only need to charge them every other day. Audio quality is quite good, considering the purchase price of about $50. They certainly meet my needs of having over-the-ear, wireless headphones for use in an office environment.They are not noise canceling and, in fact, only do a moderate job of blocking outside noise. This is fine for my circumstances, but may be a consideration for someone else."		
5	:	"Left side doesn???t work. I???ve tried pairing with other devices and confirmed it???s a manufacturing error. I was hoping to use this on my trip but now, it became too late to order another one. Quite disappointing given the amazing reviews. It was a warm fit though. Had to give it that at least.Update: replacement works perfext"		
2	:	Pros: Looks well built. Comfortable for short time use. Good sound quality. easy controls.Cons: Not comfortable for long wearing. hissing sound on the microphone when talking on the phone. I don't believe the product is designed for talking on the phone. was not able to pair with my Sony XBR TV.		
4	:	This product sound was ok but the headset has already stopped working. They will not charge after only being used three times during travel.Updated review: 7/3018I wrote the previous review and this seller immediately contacted me stating they were replacing the headset. It was an unexpected  response. I???m impressed with the customer service and will purchase from them again. Thank you. I???m a satisfied customer.		
5	:	"These headphones are really great - the first pair had the cord fray or bend or something and they died. The company however sent me a free replacement pair and they work perfectly. Thank you!!!!My only complaint is that the ???battery low??? warning is super super loud and scares the bajeezus out of me every time.Original review:Super comfortable and good sound quality, but less than six months afternoon I purchased them, they suddenly died. Will not turn on, will not charge, nothing."		
5	:	"Just got these and am lovong them so far. Low price, good sound, and extremely comfortable! I use them on the bus to and from work, through the whole day at my desk and I still only need to charge them for a few hours in the evening. The only improvement I would suggest is to make the controls a bit easier to distinguish... the difference between a single button press and a ""long press"" is too little. Also it is more intuitive for me to want to single press for volume control instead of holding the button down. Switch the music controls to make long press the ""next song"" command, and you'll have a better experience."		
5	:	"Really happy. Sounds great, fits well over ears, looks cool, pauses easily, pairs easily (pixel 2), folds compactly, and seems well made. After a couple hours it makes my head hurt a little (common for me).I would have put the pause and skip buttons farther apart or put some texture on the pause button. You have to put three fingers on the three buttons to make sure you are pressing the middle one. Not huge, just a nitpick.Not having a wire makes my life a lot easier."		
5	:	"I am a musician and have been playing the drums for twenty plus years. These H1's are the bomb! I have a large powerful drum set and am constantly learning new songs. These headphones provide me with the perfect mixture of being able to play and listen to the music at the same time. Not to mention just sitting on the couch enjoying music or even a movie. The sound is incredible!Update.... Just got through playing my kit for over an hour and a half. No problems, the quality held up to a very tuff hard rock test.... All is Good!"		
5	:	Amazing sound.  For the money you cannot beat these headphones.  Natural sound similar to bose. High quality materials...Nothing cheap about this except price point.		
4	:	"Worked well for a time. I bought these in late January, and the padding on one of the ears completely fell off in early June. Can't quite figure out how to get it re-attached without breaking it.EDIT: Since posting, the seller has replaced the headphones, so here's to hoping they last longer this time"		
5	:	"These headphones are very comfortable to wear for long periods of time. Sound is pretty decent. I love the storage pouch, easy controls and the optional jack cord. I haven't had them long so I can't speak to their durability but they seem to be great quality for the price!"		
5	:	Great Product.  Instructions are clear.  Headsets are comfortable - we are using with a 12-year old special needs boy and they fit well.		
5	:	"Was pretty happy with these until tonight. Comfortable. Easy to use. Long battery life. Then tonight, they just quit working after only having them 5 months. I have contacted the seller. Sometimes things just go wrong with electronics.  I am willing to update my review and change the rating.UPDATE: Mfg replaced in a couple of days. changing review to 5 stars."		
2	:	"UPDATEAfter my previous review we were pleasantly surprised to receive from the company a new replacement set. My son is so happy and they're working great. Thank you!This was for my son for music, videos etc. He loved everything about them ... comfort, sound quality etc. But after only 4 months one side has stopped working.  No incidents with them, no issues with wear amd tear... but will not work. Unsure about any warranty but don't feel like this is a ""disposable"" price"		
4	:	"Got real busy and didn't open untell today. For the price I paid $ 34.99, it seems to be a good deal, ????????????. The pairing signal is good to execellent as far as I know. Very comfortable on ears. The sound is equal and full stereo on both sides, while crisp and clear, not much bass at all. And I admit I love my bass. For voice it's as good as AM radio. It's my first purchase of blue tooth head phones. Given all this, and my preferance for Hi-Fi, I WILL TRY TO KEEP THEM, and be happy, But I next time I want to get Bose or somthing great. Take care and much thank.....Hope they Last...."		
3	:	"Good sound.  Moderately comfortable (heavy).  System voice prompts that can't be disabled or lowered are way too loud.  That means any time you turn on/off or pair the device, a very loud voice prompt is played and there is no way to disable it or turn it down."		
3	:	This is my second pair and like the first it stopped holding a charge and thus it won???t work wirelessly anymore.Headphones purchased in June and in July it quit working.Edit: I???m bumping up to 3 stars based on the seller???s customer service. When in doubt email the sellers any issues. They were very responsible and gave me options.		
5	:	"Perfect headphones for the price! Work so easy out of the box. Good sound, however these are not good for talking on the phone, lots of complaints from callers. Love the battery life and they are very comfortable. Stop researching and buy these!"		
4	:	Fantastic quality and sound. My only concern is the cable connection between the headband and the earcups seems like it might break after being folded many times. However it's held up so far.		
5	:	"Very easy to pair.  Unique design makes fitting easy.  I am profoundly hearing impaired and these over-the-ear headphones provide quality sound at an affordable price when used with my (Android) tablet, Chromebook or (Doro) cell phone.  Highly recommended."		
5	:	My husband absolutely loves these better than his beats. He said the sound quality is amazing and they turn out all the people talking around him at work. He has a big head and he said they never get uncomfortable during a 9 hour shift.		
1	:	Bought these based on positive reviews and  we have owned beats previously.  The sound quality was very good as was the comfort. Unfortunately one of the speakers stopped working in one ear and only plays out of one ear after he only owning for about 1 month- very disappointing. I would recommend buying the extra repair coverage if you do buy these.		
4	:	"Bought these for my little brother and he loves them. The battery lasts all day, the sound is actually really good for the price. Not bass heavy or super loud but sounds really good. The look is very nice and they feel very good on your head."		
5	:	"Love these! I use them for editing audio books and podcasts. It's nice not have a cord to worry about. I don't use the speaker, and they're paired to my PC, not my phone, so I can't speak for those functions, but they have good sound quality."		
5	:	"These are great! Very comfortable, great sound quality, and easy to pair with bluetooth devices. They are a bit bulky and I probably wouldn't be able to exercise with these on as I have a small head, but other than that perfect."		
4	:	I???m sending them back because they are too big and too heavy for me to wear comfortably. (I can???t adjust them enough). Bluetooth phone calls are not clear but sound quality for music is spot on.		
5	:	"Haven't explored all the features of these headphones yet but, so far, I couldn't be happier.  I purchased these to use while watching television.  My hearing is not what it used to be!  The sound quality is fantastic and the fit is extremely comfortable."		
4	:	"Pros:Comfortable, light weight, clean sound, long lasting battery and easy to connect Bluetooth.Con: the multifunction buttons, I would rather have the 059 style buttons where the volume and skip track has a dedicated button. Sometimes It???ll skip tracks when I intend on adjusting the volume, which can be really frustrating when listening to Pandora."		
5	:	Really like these headphones.They fit over your ear and are very comfortable.Great sound and the top piece is padded.The buttons are east to feel and use.Buy it.		
4	:	"These headphones are nice for the price. Crisp and clear and mildly noise cancelling.  I have a smallish and shaved head and only just fit.However, my one complaint is that they seem to have been a returned pair because the bass notes give a slight buzz. I don't know if this is due to price or if they are indeed used. And no, I do not listen to things at loud volume.Edit: The charging cord could stand to be about 6-12 inches longer as well."		
1	:	"For the price you can't beat these headphones.  They work great with Fire TV for private listening to streaming content.  Both music and movies sound great with clarity and depth to the sound.  Battery life is well over 16 hours continuous, probably closer to 20.UPDATE After 8 months wire on 1 side has a short in it.  Slight movement causes sound to cut out."		
4	:	Audio on these are amazing on Bluetooth. However the mic doesn???t get picked up well on discord so that???s a huge issue-your speech is cut off and people have a hard time hearing you. Other than that so far so good		
4	:	"Great sounding and a great value. Comfortable and light. I have a number of over ear headphones one with active noise cancelation. All considerably more expensive. They sound good, but my Mpow H1's have a very clear well balanced quality sound. The bass is clear in the mix but not overpowering. I'm happy with this purchase."		
5	:	"My son bought this with his own money and he was super satisfied and loved them until our dog ate the wires. I assume if you do not have a small, young, irritating chiweenie in the house, then this will work just fine for you.."		
5	:	"Easy to use...no trouble casting to the device at all, and no trouble getting the device recognized by a win 10 sys.  Sound really good...could have more volume, but they don't want to deafen anyone!  I am glad I made this choice."		
4	:	"Really fine inexpensive headphones.  I use it to watch movies on my MacBook and it does quite well, including vocal synching.  I haven't tried phone calls so can't review the mic.  The fit is quite nice - true ear covering phones."		
4	:	"I have ben trying these headphones out. They have been great. I like the soound, bass isn't to heavy. The feel of the band and earcups is soft. After a few hours of use my ears were a bit sore. Hopefully they may loosens up after a bit more wear."		
1	:	"I was VERY disappointed with this purchase! The headphones made a crackling sound the very first time I used them - so I looked over the item carefully and saw no visible damage to them. But they sounded like there was a ""short"" in them. We returned them the very next day."		
5	:	"They are so great.  Love them, love them love them.  They are comfy, have great sound and very easy to operate.  The only thing that would make them better is if the usb symbol was on the cord so you knew which side was right side up when plugging in to charge."		
5	:	"Very nice, great to walk around the house and still hear TV audio and music. Another benefit, my wife can sleep with the TV sound off while I watch and hear TV programing in the bedroom. Sweet!"		
4	:	The initial listening experience is pleasant. The volume doesn't go up very high but I suppose that will save my hearing. The operation and connection is very simple. They are comfortable around the ears and are not heavy on the head. I know they aren't Bose or Sony but for sub-$100 headphones they are impressive.		
4	:	I love these headphones the only problem that I have with them is that when I have them on it makes you alot hotter when you work outside all day and now all of sudden they ended up shutting off on me and now they will not turn on or anything if they do its only for about 3-5 seconds and there off again dont worry there not dead the battery is totally full it the red light will come on for 1 second I tried to get ahold of the seller but hasnt wrote me back yet or called about them I cant figure out how to call them		
4	:	Left speaker stopped working after 3 months of use.EDIT:They sent me a free replacement that I have had no problems with it. Bluetooth is great.		
5	:	These headphones are great. I have some that cost twice the price that does not sound any better and do not feel as good as these. They pair so much faster and so much easier to operate. Also the head band is so soft.		
5	:	"Comfortable fit, a genuine relief from ear buds.  Also, it works both as a wired and Bluetooth (wireless) device."		
5	:	I've been asking my friends to try these because the sound quality is so great. I've been listening to my favorite songs because it's like hearing them all over again. The flexible bits promise it won't break over and over again like the $300 Bose headphones I used to have. You can even move one ear off to listen to someone and it's not awkward. Putting it around your neck is a bit awkward though.		
5	:	"These are the best earphones that I ever owned!  Easy to use both with bluetooth or connected cord (included).  They are very comfortable to wear and they look really good, like they cost $300!  Comes with a high quality carrying case."		
5	:	"Before this, my best headphones were the high rated Koss pro 4 AA. These of course are better. The pro 4 AA's were pure ANALOG quality. Yours are pure DIGITAL quality."		
5	:	"We were going on a trip to Paris; long flight!  I knew we wanted noise-canceling, and comfortable.  However, I wasn???t willing to pay the price for that brand that started with a ???B.???  These are wonderful for the price!!!  VERY comfortable, soft, nice sound quality and LOVE that they fold to store and come with a velvet storeage bag.  I???d highly recommend!!"		
5	:	"So far I am very satisfied. The sound is better than expected; a rich, full sound. The fit is snug, as in they won't slide off or move about, and extremely comfortable. I would definitely recommend them!"		
5	:	"At this price, I didn???t expect a great deal.  I use the almost exclusively with my iPad.  The sound is really, really good.  The base is surprising in its depth.  ???Hotel California??? sounds unbelievable.  The set is well made, folds easily and has its own bag.  I highly recommend these phones."		
5	:	"The last headphones (over the ear) I purchased were a pair of wired Sony's for $20-$30. These headphones are BT (no wires). They sound amazing. I have not used them to have a phone conversations, but I have paired them with my iPhone and my laptop. I have listened to Spotify, Xfinity, Tunein, etc. while these headphones were connected to either my iPhone or laptop. I definitely recommend them."		
5	:	"I loved them. I'm a little hard of hearing and used them to hear clearly when my hearing are aids are out. Unfortunately the puppies got 'em. ""But, they're so cute"". I'll have to order some more."		
5	:	"These are really super headphones. Good sound, so comfy. Although I've had them for a bit, first time today connecting to my iTunes library on MacbookPro. Range was really good. Highly recommended."		
5	:	"Great sound,clear. Comfortable to use and wear. Connecting 2 devices is very convenient. It's a big headset for indoor use or in the car, wldnt use it outdoors while shopping etc. But appreciate how well it works holding the connection farther than others I've used."		
5	:	"I can???t really compare this to a set of headphones that are more than $300, but I can tell you that these $30 ones sound like they should cost that much! They???re ridiculously comfortable, noise blocking, and sound incredible! Easy to sync to your other devices( even synced to two devices simultaneously) and they charge relatively fast.  Designing all day just got a lot more enjoyable thanks to these babies. So beyond happy with these!"		
5	:	Work great and sound pretty good too. Only issue I have I think is more to do with my cheapo bluetooth dongle than these headphones and that's random maybe once per week disconnect for no reason.		
5	:	"It won't stay connected to my kindle Fire HD 8 for more than a few minutes.When I wrote this, I thought I was past the return date. Without being asked, the vendor (Patozon) sent me a new headset. I have tested the new set and it works perfectly. I have never seen customer service work as well as this. They explained their return policy and guarantee (45-day money back satisfaction guarantee and an 18-month manufacturers' warranty). I whole hardedly recommend this product and this vendor."		
4	:	"I just got these yesterday and they are very easy to sync up, sound is very good, all is good so far. My biggest complaint is the sheer size of them. They are very large around the ears, so large I am hesitating taking them to the gym and out in public. I may have to return them for an option that is smaller or flatter around the ears."		
4	:	"It sounds pretty good and it's range is long enough for most tasks like chores, etc. The one negative thing about this product is that for phone calls, according to my friend, did not sound so great on his end. Other than that if you plan on just getting these for listening only, I would recommend it. It also has an aux cord feature, which I really enjoy using if I can't access a Bluetooth device at certain times."		
5	:	These Bluetooth Headphones are a real value.  They are very comfortable.  They work wonderful with my Macbook Pro.		
5	:	Great headphones for the price. Love the feature of wireless listening through the bluetooth feature. All round i am very happy with my purchase		
4	:	"The ear cushion of the headphones broke off after gentle at-work use (no transport or anything!) for about two months. These headphones have a cool look and decent noise muffling, but I wouldn't really recommend them for sound or for quality.Update: After I left this review, they did ship me a free replacement. Since they made it right, I'm upping my review to four stars."		
5	:	"Love this product, i use it to run when i am watching tv and it lasts long with perfect outside noise reduction and perfect sound, recommended."		
5	:	They are very comfortable and almost totally noise cancelling.  The sound quality is great too!		
4	:	"Good headphones for the price. Use them outside cutting lawn and other noisy activities without worrying about breaking them. Upgraded to a true noise cancelling for travel and noticed a big improvement. You get what you pay for, but I would buy these again for the $"		
5	:	"These headphones are excellent quality and, although I just got them, they feel really durable. The sound is fantastic and it's easy to pair and carry around in the cloth bag  they come in. I really believe I made the right choice. They were shipped and delivered immediately and everything the seller said they were. Would buy again."		
5	:	"Great set of headphones. I bought these for my wife to watch television and the sound is great, the construction of the headphones seems to be solid. I will definitely recommend this product."		
2	:	"The price was great so I thought that I???d give these a shot. They are comfortable and the sound quality is great. BUT after two months, the ear pads fell off and they won???t go back on. Super frustrating and I???m going to have to throw them out as the return period has passed."		
5	:	sound great and have been using for weeks now and battery is staying charged.		
4	:	"Works great, wire that came with headphones had a cracking sound in it, replaced with a new one, back to working and sounding great."		
5	:	"The sound is good, it paired easily and they are comfortable to wear.  I haven't had them long enough to see how long the battery lasts.My one minor gripe is that a short press on the plus arrow should change volume and a long press should go to the next song.  It works the other way around.I also like the looks and the buttons are easy to use without taking it off your head."		
5	:	"Amazing headphones. Sound great, feel great and quality is great. Definitely recommend. If purchased, get the mpow case they offer for it. That way you can keep them safe when not used. Great product."		
5	:	I loved these headphones until one side stopped working in the bluetooth mode.**** Revised review. Seller contacted me and sent me a new pair of headphones. Awesome customer service! New headphones work great so far. I love the comfort and sound quality is awesome.		
5	:	"Got this in March 6 and still using it (June 19)! It's so comfortable, it covers my ear completely. It's easy to pack away since it can fold inwards. The battery lasts pretty long. I do wish it had some indication or battery bars on the side to let me know if the battery is running low or not. Other than that this is totally worth it. The sound is amazing"		
5	:	Comfortable over the ear bluetooth headphones. Eliminates most external sound.  Also works as corded headphones. Happy with purchase so far.		
4	:	"The quality of these headphones are great.  The look is pretty nice as well.  I got the black with red accents.  When I first put them on and heard the surround sound of the show I was watching, I was impressed.  For the price,it???s a no-brainer. It came with a cloth bag but you can get a hard case on Amazon if you prefer one of those.  They can get loud too and there is some sound that may escape the really comfortable ear pads but it???s worth it in my opinion."		
5	:	"I purchased these for my husband to use at work and he loves them. The sound is excellent and they are very comfortable. They do an ""ok"" job at blocking out sound around him; which is fine for him since he uses them at work and still needs to hear if the phone rings or if someone needs to speak with him. This is an EXCELLENT product for the price and we highly recommend."		
5	:	"great sound, i went to my bed room upstairs while my phone is downstairs in the living room and still sounded great. will buy again from seller. great custumer surport."		
5	:	Very comfortable. I use them for audio books so everyone doesn???t have to listen.  One of my better ???sight unseen??? buys.		
5	:	These are great wireless headphones for the price. Very lightweight and comfortable. Awesome sound fidelity and volume.  Just as good or better than more expensive pair I own.		
5	:	"I'm a bit of a music snob. That being said, they're worth the price. Sound is good. Not lacking in much. Buy em, buy Tool's 10,000 Days, buy mushrooms, ingest mushrooms, play Tool and melt."		
5	:	"For the price, these things are great!! Everyone that had tried them on was super impressed. For the price, The sound is a lot better than anyone expects! Highs and Lows all sound good. Not too heavy and adjust easily. They can get hot on your ears, but expect that with over ear headphones"		
2	:	"Update: Purchased in Jan 2018 and now May 2018, they have stopped working. No bluetooth or cord sound from left side. They are now going into the electronics dump drawer.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I use these at work for listening to Skype calls and online training videos. It works very over bluetooth. The sound is OK but not great and the external sound blocking is also OK. Obviously these are not $200 or eve $125 headphones but are very nice sub $50 bluetooth head phones.These are not your gym headphones because they are big and fit loosely. That is the only reason I took a star off."		
5	:	I use these with my iPhone and iPad for youtube and they work great. Good tone and a comfortable fit. Very well made and a great value.		
5	:	"Easy to operate and pair with my PC.  Good quality of construction, and pleasant sound quality."		
4	:	"I was worried when I initially bought this product because I had never heard of the brand. However, I was not disappointed. They came charged and I did not have to charge them for three days, under very heavy use. Sound quality could be better, however, for the price it is excellent quality."		
5	:	"For the price, these are a real bargain. Very comfortable cushions. Fits my big head and ears fine. Good all around sound range and bass is decent. Highly recommended."		
5	:	"I have a pair of wired beats by Dre and was looking for a Bluetooth pair of headphones to use in situations where I don???t want a wire. So after reading other great reviews I decided to buy these. They have a great sound, great battery, and nice low end bass. I would have to say these are pretty compatible too the beats...."		
5	:	"Fantastic Wireless Headphones!!! Zero complaints, they are comfortable, fit well, sound fantastic and literally never run out of battery. Cannot go wrong with these!"		
5	:	"Get it, you can???t go wrong, especially for the price!  They sound fantastic for watching shows on my iPad,which was my main purpose for buy8ng them.  They are very comfortable!! I don???t know what people are complaining about them being uncomfortable. I can watch a whole movie and they are super comfortable!"		
5	:	These have only been I???mm y possession for a week. So far I???m enjoying them. Not fully  noise canceling but for the price these are great.		
5	:	"A perfect product for my use made with high quality materials.  I???m impressed with how comfortable it is as well as the sound it delivers.  And, you can???t beat the price point!"		
5	:	Very comfortable! Sounds amazing. They are easy to fold up and fit in a purse or travel bag. Took them on a plane and couldn't hear anything but my movie I was watching. Great noise cancelling.		
5	:	Great for the price. Sounds great. I like the fact that you can use the cable with it. As well as wireless.Fits nicely. Synced super easy. Why spend so much on beats or others.		
4	:	"Headset works great for the price.  Battery is longer lasting than other brands that I tried.Although it is very bulky looking, it is comfortable and lightweight."		
5	:	Super headphones at an unbelievable price!  These are better sounding than my Sennheisers.		
5	:	Good sound for a reasonable price.  Were very easy to pair with the Mpow Bluetooth transmitter I also bought.		
5	:	First pair of Bluetooth headphones and can say that I am absolutely pleased with them.  They are very comfortable wearing over the ear and the top of head also.  Sound was really pleasing with the bass just right. Controls are real easy to manage.  Pairing with laptop and TV was a breeze  Definitely a good deal for the price.		
4	:	The sound is great and is comfortable to wear. Charges quickly and are easy to set up. Definitely a steal for the price.		
5	:	Very nice set of Headphone.  They're super comfortable and connected to my television with ease. There is no sync problems between the television and headphones.		
5	:	I love this! Been using ear buds with my computer every time I would move they were pulled out of my ears. These give me free mobility as I do anything on my computer be it binge watching to listening to music up to 10 meters away from my device. I don't know how I lived without tgem!		
4	:	"Fantastic range. Sounds great... and I have hearing issues. Fairly comfy too. If it holds up and keeps working, I'll come back and give them that last coveted Star."		
5	:	Was tired of in ear headphones as they always come out when running. These stay on and sound good enough for me. Long battery life also		
5	:	"Very comfortable with a nice sound, both wired and via BT. Very similar to the Avantree Audition (red/black) BT headphones."		
5	:	"Loved these and they worked great until they stopped working after 3-4 months. No support options or options to return at this point leave me frustrated.EDIT: after posting this i got a nice email telling  me they were resending the headphones to me, solving my issue. Thanks!"		
5	:	"What a great bargain for how well these sound, and how easy they pair with anything I had tried :D  very happy, sound is great too, they have very nice bass."		
5	:	They work amazing for the price. I use them when in bed and I???ll leave them turned on all night and it will still have a almost fully charged in the morning. The battery is great I charge it about once a week and I would say is better and more comfortable then big name brand headphones. They are amazing and would recommend to get.		
4	:	Very easy to use.  Voice tells you what it is doing. My first Bluetooth anything.  Very long distance reception.  Just keep in mind it does not come with a charger but likely you have one sitting in a drawer that will work.  I did.		
5	:	"I have not tried them yet so I can't attest to their build and sound quality, but from I've seen personally they seem well made and of quality materials."		
3	:	"They're really comfortable and they're pretty durable. The sound quality is ok, but for the price it's pretty good, if you're looking for headphones to just just listen to music and chill or watch YouTube then they're great, but if you're looking for really high sound quality these aren't for you. Also note the controls are pretty weird, you have to use the same buttons to switch songs and change the volume so it can get annoying"		
5	:	"Very easy to pair, the audio cues were  an unexpected helpful surprise, the controls were easy to find and use, and the sound was quite good."		
5	:	"My son Loves them , the audio  technology is amazing , built with  very good quality, and very cozy for long wear"		
4	:	Just a little too large to fit without sliding but my daughter is still pleased overall.		
5	:	"Ordered for my son. I tried them. The ear cuffs are very soft, the weight is light and they are not bulky. He uses them with XBOX1 and paired them up easily and flawlessly using an attached Bluetooth transmitter connected to his TV. These are not active noise-cancelling but the ear cuffs fit so well the cost of active cancelling was not justified as these work just as well."		
5	:	I paired these successfully with a laptop and a desktop computer.  Both voice and classical music are reproduced quite well by this model.  They are comfortable to wear		
5	:	Excellent sound. Be sure your fone is searching at the same time the headfones are to make the connection. These are not noise cancelling headfones tho.		
5	:	So far so good with these headphones. They don???t get super loud but that???s ok because they are loud enough. Very clear and the battery lasts a good amount of time. Overall I???m very happy with my purchase. I hope they stand the test of time .		
5	:	"Love these headphones! could make the headphone jack a bit bigger, but you cant get this quality at this price normally! I have 2 of these!"		
5	:	"The headphones came on time and as promised.  I have only been using them for a little over a week, but they had no problem connecting to my iPhone, and the sound is very good.  I have absolutely nothing bad to say at this point, and for the price, these headphones are worth every penny."		
5	:	"This is my fifth attempt at finding a headset to jog with.  This  is perfect. Comfortable, long charge, great sound."		
5	:	The headphone was used mostly by my special need daughter. It was very comfortable for her long hours use watching movies on her tablets. It was the first headphone that  she did not complain about due to its light weight and softness. Three to four month into use and it stopped charging. The 5 stars goes to the company and their wonderful service. They paid for the return shipping cost and sent me a new one within few days. It was an amazing experience.		
5	:	Very comfortable fit and great sound for a much more reasonable price than the main brands. Highly recommend these if you don't want to spend a fortune. Light weight too and comes with a soft bag to store them in.		
4	:	"For the price, these headphones are fine. Unlike the previous pair of more expensive headphones I had, the usb charging port on these is actually the correct size. The buttons on the headpiece are also raised so that you can actually feel them with your fingers, which is nice. The sound quality does leave something to be desired, but they are cheap headphones, so that can only be expected."		
4	:	I really like this headset. I use it more for my IPad. It is comfortable. Sounds good.		
5	:	Wow these are comfortable and the battery lasts a long time. Works very well with my Samsung galaxy 8+		
4	:	you'll get your money's worth out of it. originally i was sent a faulty product but the company was kind enough to send me a replacement and it works much better than the first one.		
5	:	Great sound quality with my pandora on blue tooth!! But I can???t get it to use or know how to set it up with my tv I have a sound bar..		
5	:	"I love these headphones! Wasn't sure what to expect, with the deal I got,  but I was pleasantly surprised. Received them on Friday, had a YouTube music videothon and it was fantastic! Wonderful sound, weight is not heavy. Perfect!"		
5	:	My wife loves the bluetooth headphones.  The quality is very high and sound is perfect.		
5	:	"Great for the price. Not necessarily noise cancelling, but outside sounds are definitely muffled when wearing these headphones. My ears start to hurt after a while when wearing them, but could just be because I have multiple piercing in both ears. Like that it has both Bluetooth and plug-in option. Good buy for active runners who prefer to listen to music while working out. Would buy again, and would recommend to a friend."		
4	:	Hurts my head for them to be on too long. Something about them being really stiff		
5	:	"I was worried if I will waste my money but after seeing 1000's of good reviews for the previous version of this model, I went for it. One of the best pair of can's I have ever bought. They work perfect and look absolutely stylish. They don't look cheap at all, go for it."		
5	:	Outstanding value.  I'd been using a less expensive pair of wireless headphones but needed an over-ear type because of the noise in my workplace.  Not only did these substantially reduce the noise but the sound quality is first rate.  I'd forgotten how good some of my favorite tunes sound.  These headphones put a smile on my face.		
5	:	I have to buy another set for myself. My husband is using them all the time.  He loves them.  Sound is great and noise-cancelling/blocking is great. He can't hear me when I talk to him; I have to wave or poke him in the shoulder to get his attention.		
5	:	"My second pair.  These are for my wife. She really liked the sound and the comfort of the light headphones.  Ear buds don???t work for her.  Very good merchant, quick service, absolutely recommend the product and the seller"		
5	:	"These are comfortable and have great sound. Kinda big and clunky looking, but I'm sure that's part of what makes them so good."		
5	:	VERY comfortable. Fit over my rather large head and ears without a problem and with room to spare. Great sound.		
5	:	I am truly please with my purchased!  They sound good and fit comfortable.  I got all of this at a great price!  Yahoo!		
5	:	Use it every night while husband is watching TV.  These earphones cancel out enough of the TV sound that I barely know that it is on.		
5	:	"For under $40.00 these headphones are awesome!Light and very comfortable ~ the sound quality and battery life are phenomenal.The only gripe I have is with the storage bag, if you fold them with the ear cushions toward each other and try to put them in the bag it stretches the wires. If you fold them with the plastic backs toward each other and try to put them in the bag, it sometimes presses the power-up button re-powering the headphones."		
5	:	"Can barely hear what???s goin on around me which is good, but the sound quality is expected to be the way it is because of price."		
5	:	"Well, this headset is well put together, very light, comfortable very easy to connect no issues with them once connected ""no need to pair again"". Battery life so far very good. Most important the sound quality it exceeded my expectations. From blues, jazz and my fav death and black metal wow this sound amazing. Now I hope they last a long time."		
4	:	Great headphones!  Use them everyday - sound is great and battery lasts a long time.		
5	:	"They are very comfortable & that's very important to me, & they sound great."		
1	:	"Worked great for about 10 months then just CRAPPED out suddenly for no apparent reason. It's going to be difficult to find a replacement pair that is not another ""Made in China"" POS. Forty bucks down the drain."		
5	:	These are incredible for the price. Got them for my daughter and tried them out. Surprised by the clarity and volume.		
5	:	"Would give it 10 stars if they had it. Sounds really good, blocks out other outside noise, and is very comfortable. Great price too!"		
4	:	These headphones are very comfortable and deliver much better sound than my previous earbuds.  I also find that they do not slide off of my bald head at all.  My one complaint is with the volume buttons.  No matter how long I hold them they always skip to the next track.  So much so I try not to adjust the volume at all.		
4	:	A very nice headphone but too large in size even foldup. Not a good idea to carry for travel but ok if u really need to. The over the ear design is good too.		
5	:	"1- Excellent Sound2- Excellent Noise Reduction3- Very comfortable,4- Batteries Last 8 hours"		
4	:	"Very comfortable to wear. Not too heavy. Good coverage Over the ears. High Quality Audio, which is very important to me."		
5	:	"Works as advertised. Paired easily with my phone and chromebook. Have not had a chance to check the battery life, but works well with what I use."		
4	:	Headphones came as described! Good sound quality. Only four stars because it looks odd on someone with a small head (like me) especially with the adjuster part on both sides pushed all the way up. It does fit though and it???s not really the headphones fault I have a small head.		
5	:	I use these at my monthly infusions for my MS... these allow me to zone out and listen.  I love how they fold down when not used.		
3	:	"Tried these 3 times at the gym and they are simply too heavy. These are LARGE over ear phones better suited to a recliner for watching TV, listening to music or related activities. Trying to decide it I should keep them or send them back. I really wanted to like these phones but as I said, for the gym, they are simply a no-go due to weight.Too bad because setup is simple, instructions are intuitive and the phones pair quickly with an iPhone 7 plus. The three buttons/controls are located on the right side of the phones for easy access and they work well for volume and track changes but take a little practice to get right. There is no ""fast forwarding"" on tracks.Sound quality is very good - surprising bass balanced with a solid mid range while lacking the ""tinny"" sound of most in-earbuds that I've used for years. These aren't going to top $300 Beats Solo 3 phones but for $30, I was pleasantly surprised but could not bear the weight at the gym - these bounce around a lot with any activity."		
5	:	Purchased these for my husband as a gift and they are nice!! Great sound quality and comfortable.		
5	:	"Bought a lot of headphones for working out, these ones are pretty good.  Easy to use, easy to connect to my phone/ipad, feel pretty comfortable even though I don't like the over the ear types usually.  Wireless function makes it easy to work out in them too.  It's only been a month and no issues so far, but for how cheap they are, if they only last 6 they'd be more than worth it."		
5	:	"awesome headphones but the left side stopped working after a few months. also, the controls are annoying. You have to long press to change the volume, and short press to change tracks, so be careful approaching those buttons.Edit: they decided to send me a new one. Five stars because it really is a nice headphone. Very long battery life too."		
5	:	The first one I received sounded very staticy and was not good quality so I sent the item back and requested a refund. I received my refund and they still sent me a replacement. I must have received a faulty one because the second one is amazing great sound quality and great range. Better range than my $200 turtle Beach headphones. Great quality. Great price!		
5	:	These are very nice headphones.  I walk about an hour a day and these lose about 10% charge in a week.  I have the cable connector also but I've been using the bluetooth for its convenience.  I have the volume around half way up for an iphone and that's pretty comfortable for me.  I tested the mic once but don't use it often.		
4	:	"I'm sure there are way better (and pricier headphones) out there.  However, these are pretty good in terms of bang for your buck.  They're comfy, sound is ok (could use a little more bass), and feel well made.  Hope the battery lasts."		
5	:	Loved it but stopped working and was not able to reorder. What a waste of money!		
1	:	"Do not purchase these headphones. I purchased these in late July, it is now early December and last week the bluetooth signal started cutting in and out and it randomly unpairs. I would return them if I could."		
5	:	Purchased for the wireless capability. Blocks out outside noise better than I expected. Love them.		
5	:	"it has only been a few days, but so far... I am more than happy, the quality is amazing for the price. Haven't ran the battery dead yet, but used them a few days in a row at the gym for around 2-3 hours each time. highly recommend"		
5	:	"What a great value and fantastic sound quality!I bought these for my husband's long flight, and they are exactly what is needed.I'm impressed!"		
5	:	"Great feel, look and performance. Not Premium, but good value for the money."		
4	:	"Product's build quality competes with my $300 Sony over ears. The bluetooth connectivity extends much further than most expensive headphones I've purchased. And the battery life is truly beyond my wildest expectations, 40 hrs just as advertised. Only downfall is the sound quality isn't mind blowing but for the price it's definitely worth the purchase."		
5	:	"So far these are amazing! I have ordered 4 sets of headphones to try out in the past two weeks and these are the best.  They were the cheapest of the 4 and they had the best comfort, range and sound of the 4.  Very happy I must say."		
5	:	I can hear the TV or computer from a distance and the sound is clearer.  Love it.		
5	:	"I have had this product for 5 months now and it is unbelievable how overall good this headphones are. For the price you are paying you will definitely will get you money's worth! I can compare this headphones to ""high-quality"", ""recognized brand"", etc and still hold their ground! I am just happy I made this purchase."		
4	:	"Great for the price, pretty comfy, and good sound.  I'm not a huge music person (I use these to listen tti podcasts at work mostly), but they last all day, including train commute, and feel pretty good the whole time."		
4	:	"For the price, excellent product. Sound is good for both music and call quality."		
5	:	Wife loves them so far. Great price. It???s no Bose but for the money it???s worth it.		
5	:	Love these headphones! Works pretty far away from my phone which is what I wanted. Amazing sound quality! I have recommended them to several friends. Very comfortable too!		
4	:	"Very comfortable and easy to use. I like that they can be either Bluetooth compatible, as well as used with a wire. A good set of earphones that are reasonably priced."		
5	:	"I gave these to my father-in-law who uses them all day long as he is going through cancer treatment. He absolutely loves them. When he had an issue with them, I sent the seller an email and he worked with me to resolve my issue and got my father-in-law back to listening music quickly."		
5	:	Very comfortable.  I first brought the Sony earbuds wireless but they had issues.		
1	:	Does not charge up.  Completely useless. Would like to know how to return or Exchange for a functionable set		
3	:	"Just received this product. Fully charged and the left speaker doesn???t work.  Sucks!  They seem decent quality but apparently not.  Now I need to print off a label, drive to UPS store across town and ship back.  Wait on the money to be put back into my account. Kinda annoying.UPDATE 3/17/18.Company reached out to me about my previous review.  They sent me a replacement at no expense to insure that I am a satisfied customer.The free replacement is much appreciated and I am currently trying them out and plan to give a review after an extensive time wearing them.  I work 12 hour shifts on nights and listen to podcast basically the full duration of my shift.  I also work around loud equipment and noise cancellation is import.  As of now the headphones are working properly and are sastifactory.  The sound quality is decent especially for he price.  They do get a little rattle sound when a song has heavy base.The noise cancellation is really good considering they don???t fit super right against your head.My biggest complaint is the controls.  I hate the skip forward or backward when you tap the up or down arrow.  I???m sure I???ll get use to the controls but unless you hold the sound volume button for a at least two seconds it will skip track.Another plus is the comfort level.  I haven???t had any issue with pressure points or fatigue from headphones.I???ll do a finale review when I get a few more days or weeks with these.As of now I prefer my Skull Candy Hesh 2.  Although they cost twice as much and aren???t as comfortable on my ears.  Skull Candy Hesh 2 has outstanding battery life and the controls are superior.I???ll be back with more.Just wanted to say thinks for sending out a free pair to make me happy."		
5	:	I love the static free sound Also it has a good range I can hear my TV anywhere I go in my house I have no complaints at all it hooks up to my TV real quick		
5	:	Use these everyday at work for business and tunes.		
5	:	"Good sound,  a little tricky to set up since we bought two identical sets,  but great bargain and worth every penny."		
5	:	"Exactly as advertised, really really nicely made top quality and comfortable for hours of wear."		
4	:	"I have Windows 8, but had to install the software.  First time it didn't work, uninstalled and installed again, then it worked OK.  The headband seems a little snug or I'd give it 5 stars.  Sound quality and range is great."		
1	:	Pur?? piece of garbage. Second pair in less than a week and the cups just fall apart alone. Worst money ever spent. Don't know if it's the model or a special batch but I got screwed twice.		
5	:	"I'm not a professional in the field, but I can say that these headphones are a great value for the money. The sound is very good, I cannot even tell the difference between them and my daughter's beats which cost a fortune. I use them daily at work for long hours with ought discomfort and the battery charge lasts for days!  I definitely recommend them."		
1	:	I have bought four headphones since March 2018. I like the sound but so far 2 have stopped recharging within six months of use.  The customer service is ok. The manufacter replaced the first one that stopped recharging so now I have owned a total of five in nine months with two already failing.		
5	:	Very good quality for the price.  Pairs easily.  Battery life good.		
5	:	I???ve only used them a couple of times so far but they are very comfortable and easy to use and the sound is really good.  I was happy with the quality and the price.		
3	:	"I purchased two pair and all I can say is ??? You get what you pay for ??? . Seemed to be the purific solution but alas they last. One lasted about  Four months and the other about Six months. Well, back the drawing board."		
5	:	Got these to replace the 150.00 jaybird ear buds I can't stand.  These headphones are like a soft pair of tits surrounding my ears. Music quality is amazing.		
5	:	"Easy connection. Also, supports multiple connections, so it can be shared between a laptop and a cell phone. And the sound quality surpasses earbuds."		
5	:	Fell asleep while using these headphones and woke up with them still on. No pain or discomfort on my ears.Battery life is great.Was able to use these while playing drums to music. The sound isn???t super bassy and full but for the price they have solid cut.Good build. They don???t feel super cheap.For the price all around I???m very pleased.		
5	:	"easy to use. sound is excellent especially for this price. Have worn them for multi-hour stretches, very comfortable"		
5	:	"Very comfortable to wear even for long hours at a time. Great for gaming to hear all the nuance sounds and ambience of the games, great bass and noise cancelling effects!"		
5	:	"This headphones are great. The sound and built quality you get for the price it's very good. The only thing I dont like is the way in which buttons are used. For increasing or decresing volume you have to make a long press in the plus o minus bottons, a simple click wont dont anything. The same goes for power on/off, 4 seconds hold down is too much."		
5	:	Haven't used these much but I am satisfied so far. Good quality. Comfortable. Good sound. Connect to Bluetooth easily.		
5	:	"Before purchasing these, I read some reviews that stated the bass was weak, but they sound great to me! Glad I chose these! Very light and very comfortable. It also comes with a USB charging cord, an audio cord (in case you don't use bluetooth), and a carrying pouch."		
5	:	I LOVE THAT I CAN ENJOY THE MUSIC AND IT LOUD IS GREAT		
5	:	Bought to work with a new Samsung smart TV that has bluetooth.  Wife is a light sleeper and I use these to watch TV and movies when she turns in early.  Great sound and very comfortable.  Pleased with the headphone and feel these are a great value for the price.		
5	:	These work great.		
5	:	I love that it drowns out the office noise. My coworkers can???t hear my music when I have it turned up loud.		
5	:	"Comfortable, would have like to know if they automatically turn off after a certain time, to save battery. Instructions did not cover that."		
4	:	"GREAT sound, love the over-ear design. Only flaws for me personally; there???s a bit of a delay when I use the next/previous track controls. Also, those same buttons are used for volume control, and it???s impossible (for me) to get the controls to do what I want them to do. Overall though, I???d still recommend."		
5	:	"I just got them yesterday but am very happy so far. The only downside is that they turn off automatically for inactivity and need to be paired with Bluetooth every time. Also, since I???m using them during work (I???m a cook), partial noice canceling works perfectly!"		
5	:	"I love these! They're comfortable, they hold a long charge, they're very easy to use don't hurt my ears, and the sound is fantastic. Being Wireless is a gift!"		
5	:	Got these for when I use the riding mower. Paired them to my phone easy peasy! Sound is good too. Happy with my purchase so far		
4	:	"Light weight, pair easily, good sound quality. My only concern is that they are a bit bulky."		
5	:	"Great headphones. Block a decent amount of noise, good quality sound. excellent choice."		
5	:	"These headphones connect to my iPhone super fast and don???t drop the connection. Also, they fold up neatly."		
5	:	"Clear sound, great value!As good as beats, Sony or any other brand you may put this against. Certainly a fair price if it hangs in there."		
5	:	We were very impressed in the quality of sound and the sturdiness of the product. Our son rarely takes them off and they???ve held up to his abuse.		
5	:	"So far so good , bluetooth work well . sound quality aceeptable."		
4	:	"I wanted a pair of headphones that I could wear at work all day.  They work pretty well for that, they are not too heavy and the sound is good.  I wish they blocked external sound a little bit better, I don't want to turn them up too loud, at lower volumes I can still hear others around me."		
5	:	"Very comfortable, excellent sound quality, excellent value."		
5	:	These headphones are very comfortable and the sound is good. 'Just what I was looking for.		
5	:	"I love these! Sound quality is excellent and I've been able to connect to both my Windows 10 laptop as well as my MacBook Air. They're light-weight and don't press on my ears. As far as sound cancellation, I don't believe they're marketed as such but they do block a lot of external noise. I've had the headphones for a week and so far I've found that 15 to 20 hours of use is accurate. I've not tried the mic."		
5	:	Very good price with exceptional sound quality. Simple and clear instructions and set up was a breeze. Extremely comfortable and they're so light that after a while you'll forget your wearing them. I would definitely recommend them!		
5	:	Awesome headphones great price		
4	:	"These headphones exceed my expectation.  Easy to set up, good sound (audio books) and low price.  Range is good too."		
5	:	Will not pair with my ps4 which is reason I got them overall not bad though		
4	:	Very comfortable even with glasses on. From the 1 stars I thought this would fall off and be uncomfortable. Way way more comfortable than my corded Sade???s (SA-901) that I got. Mic quality is nothing compared to Sade???s or any headset with a long microphone arm. Use it everyday.		
5	:	"I've only had the headphones for a week, so I cannot comment on their longevity. That said, the build quality feels solid and they produce good sound. Battery life is acceptable."		
5	:	"Great quality, nice sound, especially for the price. I'm writing this review while using the headphones for the first time so I cannot comment on the battery life."		
4	:	Excellent value and great sound!!		
5	:	These headphones are very comfortable and don't pinch my ears. The sound is great.		
4	:	They squeeze my ears for some reason but I like the headphones and the sound is good.		
5	:	"Lightweight, comfortable, doesn't let outside noise in. Easy to connect/disconnect."		
4	:	"The first one I bought broke after few days but they sent me a new one Very quickly. As of now, it???s working as expected!"		
5	:	This is a great product well worth the money I've had it now for about 6 weeks and I've haven't yet had to charge it but there again I only use it about an hour or two hours every other day for working out		
5	:	"Love these!  Great material,sound, perfect!"		
5	:	Very nice; reasonably priced		
5	:	I've had this headset for a while now and for the money it is a very nice product. For me it sounds great and has held up well. I would recommend it for everyday use.		
5	:	Great sound.  Very comfortable and easily connected to various devices.		
5	:	I purchased the head phones for my granddaughter and she loved them. Impressed with the idea of Bluetooth and the great sound of the music.		
2	:	Have had them since the 29th of may. They no longer hold a charge.  What can i do they are for my 83 year old father who can't hear well		
5	:	I???ve had these headphones about 3.5 weeks now. They are amazing. They still have 50% battery life and I???ve used them for about about 90min a day.		
5	:	I use them just on the TV.  We are now going to buy a 2nd pair.		
5	:	Great headphones. Great price and sound great. They paired up quickly to a iPhone		
5	:	"These are very nice,light weight,fit___over___the ears and sound good.Very happy with them."		
5	:	"Wow ! What a great deal ,very comfortable , sound great , make very well , great price , thanks"		
5	:	"For me these are a good value, the sound is good"		
5	:	Comfortable to wear. Sound is acceptable. Great price.		
5	:	Hard to see how they could be much better.		
5	:	Excellent item..every bit as good.as a friends bose $300 phones		
5	:	Great noise deadening with great sound and long battery life at a reasonable price.		
5	:	Excellent headphones! I bought them for connecting to my Playstation 4. I had never used them before and the sound is amazing! So rich and full. I am hearing things I never noticed before. Such quality for the price. They charge pretty quickly too.		
1	:	The volume was not loud enough to hear over the noise in an airplane. These actually seem to magnify the airplane noise		
5	:	I love how the headphones can be folded and that the hinge design is more durable than the sentey thorx heaphones.The bluetooth connectivity is also good.Having the wire is good to have for when you do not want to use bluetooth.Every Mpow Product has a 45 day money back & 18-month warranty.		
5	:	These are great so far and the phone feature works great as well.		
5	:	Good batterie life. Good sound quality. You can get pretty far from device.		
5	:	Amazing for the price. Work and sound like $100+++ headphones.		
2	:	Christmas present.  Worked until 5-14-18. So four an a half months is all they are good for. Will not buy again. Should last longer.		
3	:	This was comfortable to wear sound quality was good. Great for everyday wear. However to stopped working within 5 months.  The headset wouldn???t charge and it also would t turn on. Was great while it laste. product durability was a issue for me.		
4	:	Decent for the price		
5	:	I bought these for my grandson. He loves them. Great sound and good noise reductiion.		
5	:	"Good sound, great range, and I love that you can pair two devices at once."		
5	:	Really good sound and surprisingly good call quality. Comfortable feel. I highly recommend these at this price point. I'm update in a few months.		
5	:	"My first wireless headphone, took it with me on a 15 hour airplane ride to Thailand. Best thing I had on the plane!!!! Comfy and not too heavy. Even fell asleep with them on!"		
5	:	These are a great pair of headphones for the price. The material feels comfortable and durable the battery life is great I get 3-4 days out of these easy. My only knock would be the lack of bass but the sound quality otherwise is great		
4	:	"Really like the bass on this! The material is what you'd expect. The battery life feels like it goes pretty quick other than that I think it's worth purchasing. If you've had urbanears before this, I would consider this a bit of a step up from that"		
4	:	Use while walking and doing year work		
2	:	These are too big. I also was not happy that I had to pay for return shipping.		
5	:	had problem but manufacturer replaced .  Very happy wirh their customer service		
4	:	These work very good. Just wish they had an separate on/off switch.		
5	:	"Comfortable, good quality, and remarkably affordable for what you get."		
5	:	"Very comfortable to wear,sound is great."		
5	:	"Light, comfy to wear even with glasses, great battery life all for an affordable price. I bought these headphones to use at my desk while doing homework & they block out a reasonable amount of sound while not clamping down too hard. I have a huge head & I was pleasantly surprised to find that they fit so well."		
4	:	"I've had these headphones three and a half months, and as of this morning April 30th, they will no longer hold a charge in the battery. Very disappointed.Update 5/15/18I was sent a replacement pair this weekend. So far so good, appreciate the customer service!"		
5	:	"Excellent sound, and soft cushion that does a very good job of blocking out noise.Highly recommend and at this great price."		
5	:	My son loves it! The battery Lasts for hours!		
4	:	"The outstanding sound quality is phenomenal. Although it is relatively comfortable, I can forsee it being unconfortable in warm weather since it totally encompasses your ears and would most like cause them to sweat."		
5	:	I'm no hardcore audiophile but the sound quality is better than expected for the price. Easy to operate and paired to both devices I've used it with immediately. Would definitely buy again.		
1	:	"sound quality was great and so was battery life , construction was solid , EXCEPT the fact that after 6 months the left ear cup went out completely no sound at all"		
5	:	Easy to pair works and sounds great!		
3	:	Good headphone for privacy		
4	:	Works as expected		
5	:	They work great. Really glad I bought them. Sound quality is very good.		
5	:	Exactly what I expected and a bit more.  The only struggle I have is the volume/skip song controls are a bit finicky.		
4	:	"Very comfortable, sound is good. Excellent product for the price"		
5	:	Bought these for my hubby because of the good reviews & they have not disappointed.  He LOVES them & said they're one of the best gifts he's ever gotten.		
5	:	"Good quality in build and sound, and the price is right."		
5	:	Everything about this headset is excellent.ComfortableGood sound qualityEasily storedGreat batteryIf anything I'd make a note that the packaging wasn't bad but I felt like a product of this quality deserved a better packaging.		
5	:	Very nice and easy. Perfect .		
5	:	"My headphones broke after a couple of months of use. The seller replaced with no questions. Updating to five star, given excellent customer service. The headphones are pretty nice sound and good comfort, as well, especially for the price."		
5	:	Comfortable and great clean natural audio.		
4	:	I've had these about a week and a half and they work well and are simple to use.		
3	:	"Not great quality, but they are cheap so you are getting what you pay for. They work, the quality is just not great."		
5	:	I gave these to my husband for father's day. He loves them		
5	:	Very satisfied! Works very well for my needs.		
3	:	They were good till 4 months because only 1 ear works and the bluetooth will sometimes works and sometimes won't and the charging doesn't always work basically after between 4-6 months of often use they'll break at least mine did.		
5	:	Great Bluetooth sound and very easy to operate.		
5	:	"This was an anniversary gift for my husband. He is very happy with these headphones. They are comfortable, the sound quality is great and the price was very reasonable."		
4	:	best headphones for $35		
2	:	"Well I ordered these headphones are reading many many good reviews about these being a reasonably priced pair of headphones with decent quality. So onto what my thoughts are, the headphones seem to squeeze my head and ears too much making them quite uncomfortable after extended use. I have been using them now for about 2 hours continuously and my ears are very warm! I am not sure what to do with them whether I should send them back or if I should just stick it out and keep them. The sound is really good, crisp vocals and decent bass. I really wish these we're more comfortable!!!!Overall it is tough to recommend these headphones due to the fact that they are not comfortable because of the pressure it puts on my ears!I am going to try them out for a day or 2 I suppose to see  if maybe they will become more comfortable! Will update review if they do!The build quality seems pretty good and they were very easy to pair with my pixel 2xl! They also included a nice cable if you would like to use wired, for example this will be the only way to use it with the ps4"		
5	:	I like the long battery life and the multiple devices connectivity at the same time. It sit nicely on my head and I workout with it without any bothersome movement from the headset.		
5	:	I bought s pair for myself and my husband kept stealing them so I had to buy him another pair.		
5	:	"Have been wearing them daily for a walks and haven't had to recharge yet. Great ear coverage, really comfortable! Microphone is teeny but you don't have to shout to be heard. I've left my phone on the main floor, gone to both floors and still able to get signal. So far so good!"		
5	:	"Not the most expensive pair, but the sound quality is up there with the best!"		
4	:	Comfortable over the ear listening. Adjustable to fit smaller heads.		
5	:	"Great sound for the price, comfortable, not active noise-cancelling but bulky enough to block out a lot of background noise, no issues connecting to any of my devices (even multiple devices at the same time), microphone works well enough for my purposes."		
5	:	nice headphones		
5	:	"These headphones are great and were shipped quickly.  My daughter loves that you can answer the phone with them. The storage bag is very handy as well.  My only recommendation would be that the cord charger be a little longer.  Other than that, fantastic!!"		
5	:	Love these.		
4	:	a little bulkier than expected but overall good headphones		
4	:	"Earcups smaller than posted, but they work for me. Solid bass, stronger than expected. A good purchase for the money."		
5	:	Work great for office with lots of people. Can hear calls well and they can hear me too		
5	:	"Thanks, works great!"		
5	:	Great  work as expected		
5	:	as advertised. sounds great and fits my enormous noggin.		
5	:	Excellent sound. Very comfortable to wear.		
5	:	Very happy with this product ????.		
5	:	These are awesome. They feel are extremely comfortable even for long periods of wear and sound amazing. For the price they're exceptional. Only headphones I've used that are better are Bosse but the price on those is brutal. These rock		
4	:	"Could look less ""big"" on the ears, but overall sound quality and comfort is pretty decent. The ear-cups could also be a bit longer, vertically."		
4	:	These headphones truly are over the ear headphones. I returned a pair that were to small for my not large ears. These were easy to pair to my devices and sound very good to me.		
4	:	Sounded fine.  Fell apart after only a couple months use.  UPDATE: originally gave two stars.  Upgraded to four stars due to excellent customer service and their desire to stand behind their product.  A new pair on the way.		
5	:	Much better than my previous attempts at bluetooth headphones. These are comfortable and has sound dynamics of much more expensive units. Comes with all the necessary cables and the included carry bag is a nice touch. Very easy to set up. Highly recommended.		
4	:	I use these for my radio show podcast.  Good quality.  I don't bother with bluetooth since I am at my computer during the show.  They fit snug and sound great.		
4	:	I like it. Good quality sound and change lady???s a long time		
5	:	easy to use and also easy to fold and store away.		
5	:	This item came to me in excellent condition and all the features work well. I will order again thanks		
5	:	My kid loves them		
5	:	These headphones are great.  They have very good sound and easily paired up to iphone.		
5	:	Best cost/perfomance ratio headphones out there.		
5	:	Far better than expected! Great product.		
5	:	"Easy to wear, good sound. Came fast."		
5	:	"Bought these a couple of weeks ago after my Bose QC's died. Didn't want to spend several hundred $$ on new ones,so I took a chance on these. I am VERY pleasantly surprised! Easy to pair with all my Blue Tooth devices and sound qualityis outstanding, and well the price just can not be beat! Love 'em!"		
5	:	Great product		
5	:	They are perfect and loud!! I give it * * * * *		
5	:	For the money this headphone set is about the best you could ever find.  It simply amazes me on the clarity and depth of sound.  I still cannot believe the low price.		
5	:	great for telephoe hearing also great for bluetooth tv		
5	:	Very easy to to pair. The sound quality was awesome.delivery was fast.		
5	:	"Great headphones for the price. Love the ability to use a 3.5mm jack if I don't feel like pairing or if the battery is dead (which is not often, as the battery has great life). The claim about being comfortable for extended wear has been very accurate in my experience as well."		
5	:	Wife loves it		
5	:	Right out the box they sounded great especially for the price. I would compare the quality to any good headphones that would cost you well over $100. I always read the bad reviews first and I am glad I didn???t go by what was said about them. I only have them about half way and I am not sure if I want to turn them up any louder.		
4	:	The product is very good when compared to the price for which it is offered. The sound is crystal clear specially during calls and the mic also performs good. Would definitely recommend it for someone who is looking for good quality headphones at a lower price tag.		
5	:	This is my first wireless headset and I love it the sound is great an it???s lite and very comfortable.		
5	:	"Greatheadphones, great sound."		
5	:	These are comfortable and hook up quickly to bluetooth.		
4	:	THIS WAS A GIFT FOR NY GRANDSON		
5	:	Awesome headphones! They fit over the ear - what I really needed. And the pairing & fidelity were perfect. Would buy again!		
5	:	"Great sound, easy to use.  I like these a lot."		
5	:	It works GREAT		
5	:	These are very much great. I heart them.		
4	:	"Great, they make your ears sweat (actually I do:)"		
5	:	"I've used them a few times and so far so good. The one thing I don't like is they are a bit bulky. I've also never taken a call with them, so I can't speak for that feature. I would definitely recommend them for music and audio books."		
5	:	as advertised		
4	:	"These headphones are great , I would buy them again. , I???m very satisfied with them , I use them to connect to my Mac computer, and stay connected to my iPhone at the same time"		
5	:	I bought these for my wife and she is very happy with the function and the sound quality.		
5	:	"These work great, great sound and a great price."		
5	:	"LOVE THEM, they have amazing quality and extremely comfortable to wear. The only thing I wished was better/different is I wish that the range of distance to be able to use the headphones was farther. Otherwise amazing product, best headphones I have ever purchased."		
5	:	"Very good quality, value for $$$.....Would definitely recommend"		
4	:	Beep beep lettuce.		
5	:	Have been using these nightly for some time now. They work great and hold a charge well.		
5	:	Fast shipping; cheap product. Company sent replacement. Very happy with new ones!		
4	:	Very comfy and sound is good.		
5	:	Fits and stays on with no problem. Has cord if not charged. Works at least 25 feet from source.		
5	:	"Great headset. Honestly didn't expect much, but they appear to be on par with my beats."		
5	:	Fits great and Bluetooth range appears to have been improved it???s a permanent addition to my study and briefcase. The sound is better than I expected.		
5	:	These are great headphones with amazing sound quality!		
5	:	Sound quality is superior. Makes a huge difference from last set I had.		
5	:	Great Bday gift!		
5	:	Great sound and very comfortable as it is padded all around.		
5	:	For the price I am very happy with these.  Sound is great especially for videos. Easy to pair and can stay paired with 2 devices. Also very comfortable. I'm pumped about it		
5	:	"It has expected battery life. Good material used for headphone. It is having light weight. It lags in clearing voice through microphone. Person in opposite sometimes complain about voice not coming proper. Except that part, I liked it."		
5	:	"Headphones work great, nice you don???t have to buy batteries.  Sound is good too."		
5	:	VERY pleased with this headphone set! Comfortable and easy to use!  Outside noises greatly diminished. Great product!		
5	:	Comfortable and works great		
5	:	"won???t charge after 1 month of useUpdated - seller reached out after my initial post and shipped me a new set that seem to work now.  They informed they have a 1 year warranty, which is good to know if there are more problems in the future."		
5	:	These were a gift to my son -- he loves them! Work great with his Android phone and very comfortable.		
5	:	"Exactly what I wanted: comfortable, easy to use, foldable."		
5	:	Works great!		
5	:	"Nice price for a basic, easy to use pair of headphones. Super comfy!"		
5	:	Very impressed how the seller treated me after an issue with my product. I redid my review after receiving a product with a A1 quality. The battery holds around 18-20h hours as the description says and the sound is great.		
5	:	"In acoustic quality these equal headphones costing MUCH more (e.g. Bose, Senheizer).  Very impressed!"		
5	:	"Sound better than expected!  Seem to function well.  Soooo comfortable.  Do fit over the ears.  But, I suppose that depends on how huge your ears are!  My son also loves them for gaming."		
